# BETTERMEN: EXERCISES TRAINERIMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION

In order to use the app, we will ask you to enter your current weight and
height, target weight, fitness level, problem body area, and food preferences.
You will be able to use the App even if you do not give this data to us. If
you do not want to provide us this information, please tap on the "Next Step"
button on the screens where we ask this data. We also automatically collect
from your device language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a
device, device settings, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile
carrier, hardware ID, Facebook ID, and other unique identifiers (such as IDFA
and AAID). We need this data to provide our services, analyze how our
customers use the app, to serve ads.

**For improving the app and serving ads, we may share some of this data with
third parties. Such parties include Facebook, Google, Apple, Appsflyer,
Crashlytics, Leanplum, Amplitude, Firebase, Mailfire.** As a result of sharing
this data with third parties we (1) analyze different interactions (how often
users make subscriptions, the average weight and height of our users, how many
users chose a particular problem area of their body); (2) serve ads (and are
able to show them only to a particular group of users, for example, to
subscribers).

Please read our Privacy Policy below to know more about what we do with data
(Section 2), what data privacy rights are available to you (Section 5) and who
will be the data controller (Section 12). If any questions will remain
unanswered, please contact us at support@betterme.tips.

By tapping “Accept” button below you explicitly agree to the Terms and
Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy (in particular, to sending your data to
third parties, as described above and in the Privacy Policy).

# PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy explains what personal data is collected when you use the
BetterMen: Exercises Trainer mobile application (the “ **App** ”) and the
services provided through it (together with the App, the “ **Service** ”), how
such personal data will be used, shared.

BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU PROMISE US THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND
AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND (II) YOU ARE OVER 16 YEARS OF AGE (OR HAVE
HAD YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN READ AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOU). If
you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not use the
Service. In such case, you must (a) delete your account using the
functionality found in “Settings” in the App, or contact us and request
deletion of your data; (b) cancel any subscriptions using the functionality
provided by Apple (if you are using iOS) or Google (if you are using Android);
and (c) delete the App from your devices.

“ **GDPR** ” means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of
natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free
movement of such data.

“ **EEA** ” includes all current member states to the European Union and the
European Economic Area.

“ **Process** ”, in respect of personal data, includes to collect, store, and
disclose to others.

## TABLE OF CONTENT

  1. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
  2. FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA
  3. UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (Applies only to EEA-based users)
  4. WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
  5. HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
  6. AGE LIMITATION
  7. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
  8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
  9. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
  10. DATA RETENTION
  11. HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
  12. PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
  13. CONTACT US

  1. ### CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT

We collect data you give us voluntarily (for example, when you choose your
problem areas or send us an email). We also may receive data about you from
third parties (for example, when you sign in via Facebook). Finally, we
collect data automatically (for example, your IP address).

See more

    1. #### Data you give us

You provide us information about yourself when you register for and/or use the
Service. For example: name, data on physical characteristics (including
height, weight, problematic areas of your body), fitness activity data, food
preferences (vegetarian/not vegetarian/gluten-free/lactose-free), email
address.

You do not have to give this data to us. You will be able to use the Service
even if you do not give this data to us. However, in such case we may not be
able to personalize the Service or contact you.

    2. #### Data provided by third parties

When you decide to log in using Facebook, we get personal data from your
Facebook account. This includes your profile image, name, and Facebook ID.
Unless you opt out on the Facebook Login screen, we will also collect other
data, such as email address.

For more information, please refer to the Facebook Permissions Reference
(describes the categories of information, which Facebook may share with third
parties and the set of requirements) and to the Facebook Data policy. In
addition, Facebook lets you control the choices you made when connecting your
Facebook profile to the App on their Apps and Websites page.

    3. #### Data we collect automatically

      1. ##### Data about how you found us

We collect data about your referring app or URL (that is, the app or place on
the Web where you were when you tapped on our ad).

      2. ##### Device and Location data.

We collect data from your mobile device. Examples of such data include:
language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device
settings, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile carrier,
hardware ID, and Facebook ID.

      3. ##### Usage data

We record how you interact with our Service. For example, we log your taps on
certain areas of the interface, the features, and content you interact with,
workouts you do, the time and duration of your workouts, how often you use the
App, how long you are in the app, your training program progress, and your
subscription orders. We also record the ads in our App with which you interact
(and the Internet links to which those adds lead).

      4. ##### Advertising IDs

We collect your Apple Identifier for Advertising (“IDFA”) or Google
Advertising ID (“AAID”) (depending on the operating system of your device).
You can typically reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s
operating system (but we do not control this).

  2. ### FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA

We process your personal data:

    1. #### To provide our Service

This includes enabling you to use the Service in a seamless manner and
preventing or addressing Service errors or technical issues.

See more

To host personal data and enable our App to operate and be distributed we use
**Amazon Web Services** , which is a hosting and backend service provided by
Amazon.

To monitor infrastructure and the App’s performance, we use **Crashlytics** ,
which is a monitoring service provided by Google. Here’s its Data Collection
Policy

We use **Firebase Performance Monitoring** and **Firebase Crash Reporting** ,
which are monitoring services provided by Google. To learn more, please visit
Google’s Privacy policy and Privacy and Security in Firebase.

    2. #### To customize your experience

We process your personal data, such as physical characteristics and food
preferences, to adjust the content of the Service and make offers tailored to
your personal preferences. As a result of such processing, you get access, for
example, to a nutrition plan containing only vegetarian products.

    3. #### To manage your account and provide you with customer support

We process your personal data to respond to your requests for technical
support, Service information or to any other communication you initiate. This
includes accessing your account to address technical support requests. For
this purpose, we may send you, for example, notifications or emails about the
performance of our Service, security, payment transactions, notices regarding
our Terms and Conditions of Use or this Privacy Policy.

    4. #### To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service

We communicate with you, for example, by push notifications. These may include
reminders and motivational messages encouraging you to follow your training
and nutrition plan, or other information about the App. As a result, you may,
for example, receive a push notification every day at a particular time
reminding you to work out. To opt out of receiving push notifications, you
need to change the settings on your device.

See more

The services that we use for this purposes may collect data concerning the
date and time when the message was viewed by our App’s users, as well as when
they interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.

We use Leanplum, which is a mobile marketing and analytics platform that
allows us to customize and send messages to our users (in particular, via
email) and notifications right to your phone. Leanplum enables us to choose
the categories of users, which will receive such notification (for example, we
can send notifications directly to users that chose “Workout Hero” fitness
activity status).

To communicate with you we also use **Firebase Cloud Messaging** and
**Firebase Notifications** , which are message sending services provided by
Google. Firebase Cloud Messaging allows us to send messages and notifications
to users of our App across platforms such as Android and iOS. We integrate
**Firebase Notifications** with **Firebase Analytics** to create analytics-
based audiences and track opening and conversion events. As a result, we can,
for example, send encouraging messages to users who have recently finished a
training program. Google's privacy policy.

We use Apple Push Notification service (“APNs”), that is a notifications
service provided by Apple. APNs allows us to send information to iOS devices.
Apple's privacy policy.

    5. #### To research and analyze your use of the Service

This helps us to better understand our business, analyze our operations,
maintain, improve, innovate, plan, design, and develop the App and our new
products. We also use such data for statistical analysis purposes, to test and
improve our offers. This enables us to better understand what features and
training plans of the App our users like more, what categories of users use
our App. As a consequence, we often decide how to improve the App based on the
results obtained from this processing. For example, if we discover that users
more often engage in workouts designated for legs, we may develop and
introduce a new workout for this area into the App.

See more

To perform research and analysis about how users interact with our App we use
**Appsflyer**. Appsflyer enables us to understand, in particular, how users
find us (for example, who was the advertiser that delivered an ad to users,
which led you to an app store with our App). Appsflyer also provides us with
different analytics tools that enable us to research and analyze your use of
the Service. Privacy policy. Opt Out.

We use **Facebook Analytics** , which is a service is provided by Facebook
that allows us to use different analytical tools. On Facebook Analytics we
get, in particular, aggregated demographics and insights on how many people
launch our app, how often users make purchases, the average weight and height
of our users, how many users chose a particular problem area of their body,
and other interactions. Privacy policy.

To track and analyze behavior of our App’s users (in particular, how they
react to changes of the App structure, text or any other component), we use
**Firebase Remote Config**. Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and
configuration service provided by Google, which also enables us to tailor the
content that our App’s users see (for example, it allows us to show different
onboarding screens to different users). Privacy Policy and Privacy and
Security in Firebase.

We also use **Firebase Analytics** , which is an analytics service provided by
Google. In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's partner
policy. Firebase Privacy information. Google’s Privacy Policy.

To perform standard product analysis, we also use **Fabric Answers** , which
is an analytics service provided by Crashlytics, a business division of
Google. Data Processing and Security Terms. Privacy information..

    6. #### To send you marketing communications

We process your personal data for our marketing campaigns. We may add your
email address to our marketing list. As a result, you will receive information
about our products, such as for example, special offers. If you do not want to
receive marketing emails from us, you can unsubscribe following instructions
in the footer of the marketing emails.

We may also show you advertisements in our App, and send you push
notifications for marketing purposes. To opt out of receiving push
notifications, you need to change the settings on your device.

See more

We use **Leanplum** , which is a mobile marketing and analytics platform that
allows us to customize and send messages to our users (in particular, via
email) and notifications right to your phone. Leanplum enables us to choose
the categories of users, which will receive such notification (for example, we
can send notifications directly to users that chose “Workout Hero” fitness
activity status.

We also use **Mailfire** , which is a marketing personalization and retention
platform, to deliver tailored email messages to our users.

    7. #### To personalize our ads

We and our partners, including Facebook and Google, use your personal data to
tailor ads and possibly even show them to you at the relevant time. For
example, if you have installed our App, you might see ads of our products, for
example, in your Facebook’s feed.

**How to opt out or influence personalized advertising**

**iOS:** On your iPhone or iPad, go to “Settings,” then “Privacy” and tap
“Advertising” to select “Limit Ad Track”. In addition, you can reset your
advertising identifier (this also may help you to see less of personalized
ads) in the same section.

**Android:** To opt-out of ads on an Android device, simply open the Google
Settings app on your mobile phone, tap “Ads” and enable “Opt out of interest-
based ads”. In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier in the same
section (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads).

To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices,
please look at the information available here.

In addition, you may get useful information and opt out of some interest-based
advertising, by visiting the following links:  
• Network Advertising Initiative – http://optout.networkadvertising.org/  
• Digital Advertising Alliance – http://optout.aboutads.info/  
• Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) – http://youradchoices.ca/choices  
• Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) – http://www.youronlinechoices.com/  
• DAA AppChoices page – http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices

See more

We value your right to influence the ads that you see, thus we are letting you
know what service providers we use for this purpose and how some of them allow
you to control your ad preferences.

We use **Facebook Ads Manager** together with **Facebook Custom Audience** ,
which allows us to choose audiences that will see our ads on Facebook or other
Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). Through Facebook Custom Audience
we may create a list of users with certain sets of data, such as an IDFA,
choose users that have completed certain actions in the App (for example,
installed it). As a result, we may ask Facebook to show some ads to a
particular list of users. As a result, more of our ads may show up while you
are using Facebook or other Facebook’s products (for example, Instagram). You
may learn how to opt out of advertising provided to you through Facebook
Custom Audience here.

Facebook also allows its users to influence the types of ads they see on
Facebook. To find how to control the ads you see on Facebook, please go here
or adjust your ads settings on Facebook.

**Google Ads** is an ad delivery service provided by Google that can deliver
ads to users. In particular, Google allows to us to tailor the ads in way that
they will appear, for example, only to users that have conducted certain
actions with our App (for example, show our ads to users who have purchased a
subscription). Some other examples of events that may be used for tailoring
ads include, in particular, installing our App, finishing a workout program.
Google allows its user to opt out of Google’s personalized ads and to prevent
their data from being used by Google Analytics.

We also use **Snapchat Advertising Platform** together with **Snapchat
Audience Based Match** , which is an ad delivery service provided by Snapchat
that can link the activity of some users of our App with the Snapchat
advertising network and show some of our ads to them. As a result, you may see
more of ads on Snapchat in case you use our App. Snapchat allows you to Opt
Out of their audience based ads. Privacy Policy.

    8. #### To enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud

We use personal data to enforce our agreements and contractual commitments, to
detect, prevent, and combat fraud. As a result of such processing, we may
share your information with others, including law enforcement agencies (in
particular, if a dispute arises in connection with our Terms and Conditions of
Use).

    9. #### To comply with legal obligations

We may process, use, or share your data when the law requires it, in
particular, if a law enforcement agency requests your data by available legal
means.

  3. ### UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (Applies only to EEA-based users)

In this section, we are letting you know what legal basis we use for each
particular purpose of processing. For more information on a particular
purpose, please refer to Section 2. This section applies only to EEA-based
users.

We process your personal data under the following legal bases:

    1. to perform our contract with you; 

Under this legal basis we:  
• Provide our Service (in accordance with our Terms and Conditions of Use)  
• Customize your experience  
• Manage your account and provide you with customer support

    2. for our (or others') legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data; 

We rely on legitimate interests:  
• to communicate with you regarding your use of our Service  
This includes, for example, sending you push notifications reminding you to
exercise at appropriate times. The legitimate interest we rely on for this
purpose is our interest to encourage you to use our Service more often. We
also take into account the potential benefits to you of following your
training and nutrition plan, which may lead you to a better and healthier
lifestyle.  
  
• to research and analyze your use of the Service  
Our legitimate interest for this purpose is our interest in improving our
Service so that we understand users’ preferences and are able to provide you
with a better experience (for example, to make the use of the App easier and
more enjoyable, or to introduce and test new features).  
  
• to send you marketing communications  
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to
promote our Service in a measured and appropriate way.  
  
• to personalize our ads  
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to
promote our Service in a reasonably targeted way.  
  
• to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud  
Our legitimate interests for this purpose are enforcing our legal rights,
preventing and addressing fraud and unauthorised use of the Service, non-
compliance with our Terms and Conditions of Use.

  4. ### WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide,
improve, integrate, customize, support, and market our Service. We may share
some sets of personal data, in particular, for purposes indicated in Section 2
of this Privacy Policy. The types of third parties we share information with
include, in particular:

    1. #### Service providers

We share personal data with third parties that we hire to provide services or
perform business functions on our behalf, based on our instructions. We share
your personal information with the following types of service providers:  
• cloud storage providers  
• data analytics providers  
• measurement partners  
• marketing partners (in particular, social media networks, marketing
agencies, email delivery services)

    2. #### Apple Health Kit or Google Fit (together the “Health App”)

We share data about your activity with Health App applications installed on
your device, provided you gave express permission on your device. Before you
decide to share your data with the Health App, we encourage you to review
their privacy policy, as your data will be subject to those policies. For more
information on the Apple HealthKit, please see
http://www.apple.com/ios/health/, and on the Google Fit, please see
https://www.google.com/fit/.

    3. #### Law enforcement agencies and other public authorities

We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our Terms and Conditions of
Use, to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our
affiliates, you or others, and to respond to requests from courts, law
enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government
authorities, or in other cases provided for by law.

    4. #### Third parties as part of a merger or acquisition

As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings.
Customers’ information is generally one of the transferred business assets in
these types of transactions. We may also share such information with any
affiliated entity (e.g. parent company or subsidiary) and may transfer such
information in the course of a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our
business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the
unlikely event of bankruptcy.

  5. ### HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS

To be in control of your personal data, you have the following rights:

**Accessing / reviewing / updating / correcting your personal data**. You may
review, edit, or change the personal data that you had previously provided to
us in the profile section of the App.

You may also request a copy of your personal data collected during your use of
the App at support@betterme.tips. If you have connected your Facebook account
to our App or used your email for registration in our App, section “Manage
personal data” in the App's settings will be available to you. You may select
“Request data” there and receive a download link on your email (please note
that the link typically expires over a few days). By clicking on the link, you
will download a ZIP archive in a .zip file format; the archive will contain
.json files that can be easily opened with a common text editor (for example,
Notepad).

**Deleting your personal data**. You can request erasure of your personal data
by sending us an email at support@betterme.tips. If you have connected your
Facebook account or used your email for registration in our App or entered
your name in the App, section “Manage personal data” in the App's settings
will be available to you. You may select “Remove data” there and we will
delete the personal data collected from you.

When you request deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable
efforts to honor your request. In some cases we may be legally required to
keep some of the data for a certain time; in such event, we will fulfill your
request after we have complied with our obligations.

**Objecting to or restricting the use of your personal data**. You can ask us
to stop using all or some of your personal data or limit our use thereof by
requesting its erasure as described above or sending a request at
support@betterme.tips.

**Additional information for EEA-based users**. If you are based in the EEA,
you have the following rights in addition to the above:  
**The right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority**. We would love
you to contact us directly, so we could address your concerns. Nevertheless,
you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection
supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State where you reside,
work or where the alleged infringement has taken place.  
**The right to data portability**. If you wish to receive your personal data
in a machine-readable format, you can do so by requesting a copy of your
personal data as described above (or send respective request at
support@betterme.tips). The data will be made available to you in the .json
file format.

  6. ### AGE LIMITATION

We do not knowingly process personal data from persons under 16 years of age.
If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has provided us with personal data,
please contact us at support@betterme.tips.

  7. ### INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS

BetterMe does business globally. We may transfer personal data to countries
other than the country in which the data was originally collected in order to
provide the Service set forth in the Terms and Conditions of Use and for
purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy. If these countries do not have the
same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the
information, we deploy special safeguards.

In particular, if we transfer personal data originating from the EEA to
countries with not adequate level of data protection, we use one of the
following legal bases: (i) Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the
European Commission (details available here), or (ii) the EU-U.S. Privacy
Shield Framework (details available here), or (iii) the European Commission
adequacy decisions about certain countries (details available here).

  8. ### CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to make
material changes to this Privacy Policy, you will be notified through our
Service or by other available means and will have an opportunity to review the
revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Service after those
changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

  9. ### CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask
companies once a year what personal information they share with third parties
for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. Learn more about what is
considered to be personal information under the statute.

To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to
support@betterme.tips which includes “Request for California Privacy
Information” on the subject line and your state of residence and email address
in the body of your message. If you are a California resident, we will provide
the requested information to you at your email address in response.

Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the
Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included
in our response.

  10. ### DATA RETENTION

We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for
achieving the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy (including providing
the Service to you), which includes (but is not limited to) the period during
which you have an account with the App. We will also retain and use your
personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
disputes, and enforce our agreements.

  11. ### HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLED

Except as otherwise stipulated in this Privacy Policy, this App does not
support “Do Not Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third-party
services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy
policies.

  12. ### PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER

**BetterMe Limited** , a company registered in the Republic of Cyprus (with
registered office at Florinis 7, Greg Tower, 2nd Floor, 1065, Nicosia, Cyprus)
will be the controller of your personal data.

  13. ### CONTACT US

You may contact us at any time for details regarding this Privacy Policy and
its previous versions. For any questions concerning your account or your
personal data please contact us at support@betterme.tips.

Effective as of: 09 July 2019

