![](images/logo.png)LetsVPN

  * Home
  * Redeem Code
  * 推广赚现金
  * Help Center
  * Scan code
  * ![](./images/homelogin.svg)Log in

 __ _×_

  * Home
  * Redeem Code
  * 推广赚现金
  * Help Center
Log in

Privacy Policy

  * Consent and Age Restrictions
  * Changes to the Privacy Policy
  * Information Security
  * How to Contact LetsVPN

## Privacy Policy

  * We are committed to consumer privacy protection. Lets VPN does not collect or log traffic data, browsing activity, email address, phone number, or any personal information from individual users connected to the Services.
  * Our software utilizes the third party diagnostics service Fabric, a Google service, for the purpose of identifying service issues and problems inside our services. The information collected is generic in nature and does not contain personally identifiable information.
  * We use third party cookies, pixels and analytics tools to track sales promotions and advertisements to target potential users who need the value provided by the Services. The information collected is generic in nature and does not not contain personally identifiable information.

## Consent and Age Restrictions

By using the Site, Content, Apps, Software, or Services, you agree to have
your information handled as described in our Terms of Service and Privacy
Policy.

## Changes to the Privacy Policy

We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, without prior notice to
you, consistent with applicable privacy laws and principles. Your continued
use of the Site or Services constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.

## Information Security

Lets VPN would like to remind you that you are yourself responsible for the
security of your data. We ask you to be careful when using and storing
personal data containing files on your devices, as well as the devices itself.
Please ensure that nobody accesses and uses your devices without your consent.

You shall be extra careful and not disclose your personal information to
unrelated third parties, since such information may be used in different ways
and against your interests, including activities such as fraud, invasion of
privacy, identity theft, etc.

In order to ensure security of the personal data, Lets VPN employs various
administrative, technical and physical security measures, however it is your
responsibility to exercise caution and reason when using the Lets VPN
Services. You will be personally responsible if such action violates any third
party’s privacy or any other rights, or any applicable law. Under no
circumstances, Lets VPN is liable for the consequences of your unlawful
activities, your willful and negligent activities violating applicable laws or
third party rights, as well as any circumstances, which may not have been
reasonably controlled or foreseen.

## How to Contact LetsVPN

If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and how we handle your
information, please feel free to contact LetsVPN at the following email
address:letsvpn@tech-center.com

    1Privacy Policy
    2Consent and Age Restrictions
    3Changes to the Privacy Policy
    4Information Security
    5How to Contact LetsVPN

* * *

![](/images/logobig.png)LetsVPN

Contact
us：![](/images/email.svg)![](/images/facebook.svg)![](/images/twitter.svg)

All rights reserved © 2019 Let's go team

#### Download

  * Windows
  * Android
  * iOS

#### About LetsVPN

  * Help Center
  * Terms of Service 
  * Privacy Policy 

#### Switch language

 _English_

  * 简体中文
  * English
  * 繁體中文
  * Русский

#### Multi-Platform

  * Windows
  * Android
  * iOS

#### About LetsVPN

  * Help Center
  * Terms of Service 
  * Privacy Policy 

* * *

![](/images/email.svg)![](/images/facebook.svg)![](/images/twitter.svg)

![](/images/global.svg) 简体中文English繁體中文Русский

![](/images/closebtn.svg)

###  __Download LetsVPN![](/images/toleft.svg) 中国区用户下载教程

##### Which country your AppleID belongs to？

![](/images/overseas.svg)  
Overseas Apple ID

![](/images/China.svg)  
中国区 Apple ID

![](/images/volume.svg)提示：严格按照教程在 App Store 内切换海外 ID 下载软件，由于我们提供的海外 ID
是公开的，所以千万不要使用该 ID 登录 iCloud，否则可能造成设备被锁。

#####  _1_ 打开 App Store 注销自己的账号 ****

#####  _2_ 登录下面的海外 Apple ID，根据图片的提示进行操作  
Apple ID: 复制  
密码: 复制 ****

#####  _3_ 搜索"Lets go VPN"即可下载软件 ****

![](/images/searchlets.png)

#####  _4_ 下载完成后，注销海外账号切换回自己原有账户，以免影响其他软件的更新。

![](/images/loginout.png)

##### 第一步：在App Store内切换账号

打开 App Store 注销自己的账号,登录下面的海外 Apple ID，切记不要用来登陆iCloud账户

Apple ID:

密码:

操作示例：

如果遇到海外账户首次登陆可能需要验证，根据下图提示操作即可

##### 第二步：下载快连

切换成功后，点击下面按钮直接跳转到App Store快连下载页面

切换成功后，跳转 App Store 下载页  
跳转失败了?

##### 第三步：注销账户

下载完成后，注销海外账号切换回自己原有账户，以免影响其他软件的更新。

![](/images/loginout.png)

![](/images/closebtn.svg)

### 如若跳转失败，可在已登陆的海外APP Store直接搜索Lets go VPN进行下载

![](/images/searchlets.png)

点击复制"Lets go VPN"

![](/images/closebtn.svg)

### 一张 GIF 图教您如何切换 Apple ID

![](/images/gittut.gif)

知道了

![](/images/closebtn.svg)

Foreign users can search for "LetsgoVPN" in the App Store，Users in China can
use the iphone to open the official website so that you can view the download
tutorial.

Ok

