We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By
continuing to use our website we will assume you agree with receiving all
cookies. Learn more about cookies in Outfit7 Cookie Policy. OK

__

Toggle Menu __

Talking Tom and Friends __

  * Games
  * Videos
  * News
  * Jobs
    * Culture
    * Locations
    * Benefits
    * All jobs
  * Support
  * Media
  * blog
  * Partner Up
    * Advertising
    * Licensing
    * New Ideas
  * Talking Tom and Friends

  * Games
  * Videos
  * News
  * Jobs
  * Support
  * About us
  * Partner Up
    * Advertising
    * Licensing
    * New Ideas
  * Talking Tom and Friends

  * Games
  * Videos
  * News
  * Jobs
    * Culture
    * Locations
    * Benefits
    * All jobs
  * Support
  * Media
  * blog
  * Partner Up
    * Advertising
    * Licensing
    * New Ideas
  * Talking Tom and Friends

![](https://cdn-o7.outfit7.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/MTA_4.2_icon-1.png)

## My Talking Angela

### Strike a pose!

INSTALL

Download now!

## For privacy policy in EEA click here.

English Deutsch Français Español Português Italiano Pусский العربية Türkçe 한국어
日本語 中文（简体） 中文 (繁体) हिन्दी

(Last update April, 2019)

## INTEREST-BASED ADS

We promote our Apps and services in ours and other publisher’s apps and we
also allow our partners to promote and advertise their goods and services in
our Apps. We may share information we collect from you to our advertising
partners and they can reuse such data for targeted advertising. We or our
advertising partners may display interest-based, or retargeted, ads (''IBA''),
but only for the device IDs that have passed the age gate and have not opted
out of IBA. By using our Apps and not choosing one of the opt-out options, you
give us consent to transfer your data as stated below.

We may pass information we collect from you such as technical information,
advertising and application usage information (for example if a device has
clicked on a sports ad within our Apps, for more information please see
Information And Data We Collect From You Section of this Privacy Policy) as
well as age & gender information to our advertising partners and they can
reuse such data for targeted advertising. We allow our partners to serve
targeted third party advertisements or other content. They may attach the
information gathered from our App to info gathered from other apps, websites,
or via other services, and then build profiles and transfer the info to
another provider. For example we pass advertising IDs to Facebook and they
match it with your Facebook ID, aggregate it and delete the initial
identifier. By doing so the other provider may receive or gather information
about you and use the information for displaying targeted ads. Advertisers may
choose their audience by location, demographics, likes, keywords, age &
gender, interests, behaviors, connections and any other information Facebook
receives or infers about users. We cooperate with several providers of IBA
that are listed herein in subsection a) and in Opt-Out Section of this Privacy
Policy (''Third Parties''). When allowing Third Parties to conduct IBA we
adhere to the DAA Principles available here
http://www.digitaladvertisingalliance.org/principles/.

You have an option to opt out from sharing your information and data for the
purposes of interest-based advertising at all times. When you opt out, you
will not stop receiving ads, they just won't be based on topics you like, your
interest, behavior, demographics, etc. You can opt out by choosing one of the
following options (for more information please read the ''Opt Out'' Section of
our Privacy Policy):

a) Via third party IBA provider:

  * MoPub http://www.mopub.com/optout/;
  * Facebook Audience Network https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update?ref=old_policy; 
  * Facebook Ad Campaigns https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update?ref=old_policy
  * InMobi http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/;
  * AppLovin https://www.applovin.com/optout;
  * Google (Adx) https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html; 
  * Google (AdMob) https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html; 
  * My.Com https://target.my.com/privacy/;
  * OpenX http://openx.com/legal/privacypolicy/interestbasedadvertising/; 
  * Inneractive - Please see Section MANAGE YOUR PRIVACY of Inneractive's privacy policy available at http://inner-active.com/privacy-policy/;
  * Machine Zone http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices; 
  * Madgic http://www.madgic.com/opt-out-and-identifier-reset/; 
  * AerServ https://www.aerserv.com/third-party-opt-out/;
  * Triapodi Ltd., dba Appreciate http://appreciate.mobi/page.html#/appoffers-opt-out; 
  * Smaato https://www.smaato.com/privacy/#section4; 
  * SMARTSTREAM.TV http://www.smartstream.tv/optout/cookieOptOut.php; 
  * Maiden Marketing PTE Ltd, dba Pokkt - Please see Section “10. Your choices and opting-out” of Maiden Marketing PTE’s privacy policy available at https://www.pokkt.com/privacy;
  * Vungle https://vungle.com/opt-out/; 
  * PubMatic https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/#IBA; 
  * AdAction https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices; 
  * AdColony https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/#targetingchoices; 
  * Apple (Search Ads) https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074;
  * Google (Ad Words) https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en; 
  * Chartboost www.chartboost.com/useroptout; 
  * Motive Interactive http://motiveinteractive.com/privacy#opt-out; 
  * Max Advertising Systems, Inc., dba MAX http://maxads.io/optout.html;  
  * Matomy Media Group Ltd., dba Mobfox https://www.mobfox.com/privacy-policy/#opt-out; 
  * Click Tech Limited (dba Yeahmobi) https://en.yeahmobi.com/can-users-opt-out-of-devices/; 
  * Snapchat https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/a/advertising-preferences; 
  * Gameloft S.E. – Please see Section “Limit Ad Tracking / Do Not Track of Gameloft Cookie Policy available at http://www.gameloft.com/en-gb/legal/showcase-cookie-policy; 
  * IQzone Inc. https://iqzone.com/about/privacy/#optout;
  * Twitter https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads; 
  * Etermax S.A. http://www.etermax.com/en/privacy/#publicity-analytics.

If you choose to opt out by following one of the third party IBA provider’s
opt out mechanism, you should stop receiving interest-based and targeted ads
via the selected IBA provider, but you may continue to receive interest-based
or targeted ads through other IBA providers. For opting out from receiving
interest-based or targeted ads through all IBA providers, please see opt out
options b) and c) below.

b) Via “Do Not Track Settings” in mobile phone:

Turn on “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS device or “Opt Out of Interest-Based
Ads” on your Android device.

c) Via our Apps:

Choose “Opt Out of IBA” within the settings of our Apps (where available).

## ABOUT US AND THIS PRIVACY POLICY

As used in this Privacy Policy, "OUTFIT7", “we”, “us” or “our”, “ours” refers
to Outfit7 Limited, registered at 1st Floor Sackville House, 143-149 Fenchurch
Street, London EC3M 6BN, United Kingdom, with business address at Agiou
Georgiou, 4607 Pissouri, Cyprus, and all of its subsidiaries.

This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated by reference into the End User
License Agreement (the “EULA”) governing the use of all "OUTFIT7" branded
software applications (the “App/s”), which may operate on any type of
computing device (including without limitation, a mobile device), and applies
to your use of the App. This Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use,
disclose, transfer and store information received about you and/or information
received about your computing device through your use of the Apps.

By using our Apps you specifically consent to the collection, use and
disclosure of your information (including personal information) in accordance
with this Privacy Policy. We may receive and/or you may be asked to provide
your information (including personal information) any time you are in contact
with us or use the Applications. As described in greater detail below, we may
share this information (including personal information) with our affiliates
and with third party partners (as defined below) and use it in ways consistent
with this Privacy Policy. We may also use your information (including personal
information) together with other information to provide and improve products,
services, content, and advertising.

**For general information please feel free to contact us via  **
**http://outfit7.com/contact/** **  and for privacy questions via **
**privacy@outfit7.com** **.**

## INFORMATION AND DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU

### 1\. Technical Information And Data

We collect technical data necessary for you to use our App and additional
technical data that enables us to maintain and analyze the functioning of the
App, to personalize the content of the App, and to display advertisements.

We automatically obtain certain information about your computing device,
including:

  * IP address; Country code;
  * IDFAs, IDFVs, Advertising IDs;
  * Language; Locale (specific location where a given language is spoken);
  * Time zone, session start/stop time,
  * Network status (WiFi, etc.), browser plug-in types and versions;
  * User agent string (UA), platform, SDK version, timestamp;
  * All apps installed;
  * Technical device information (e.g. device model and name, operating system name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, software, mobile phone carrier, Internet service provider, API key identifier for application, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android, Android ID, Android Serial No);
  * Push notifications token;
  * Player identifier string (we collect player identifier string only upon your sign in to Google Play Games Services or Apple's Game Center).

In addition, for users of Android devices we create a unique user ID and for
users of iOS devices we use IDFVs to track your use of our Apps.

Older versions of our Apps may still obtain information such as UDID number
and IMEI number on iOS. If you wish to prevent this, please update the App
with the latest version available on App Store.

### 2\. Advertising And Application Usage Information And Data

When you use our Apps, we may collect additional information by using device
identifiers that permit identification of your device. Such information is
used for advertising and analytics purposes.

The information collected includes:

  * Which advertisements are shown;
  * Length of time an advertisement is visible and the size of the advertisement;
  * Advertisement response (if any), including clicks on ads;
  * Angle of view;
  * Application usage information, (how often you use the app, for how long you use the app, the events that occur within the app, in-app location, in-app purchases you make and their value, aggregated usage, performance data, life time value of user etc.).

### 3\. Classical Personal Information

We do not collect any personal information about you through our Apps, with
the sole exception of persistent identifiers (such as IDFA, IDFV, Advertising
ID, IP address). Persistent identifiers are identifiers that do not identify
you personally, but may uniquely identify your device. Some legislation (such
as US) may treat such information that uniquely identifies your device as
personal information.

We may ask you to submit and we may process other non-personally identifiable
information that may be personal to you such as your age range, year of birth
and gender, provided that year of birth and gender information is collected
solely for users who have passed the age gate in our Apps. We will use such
information to personalize the content of the App, and for users who passed
the age gate and have not opted out from behavioral advertising we may use
such information to display targeted ads. You can opt out from receiving
targeted ads by choosing one of the options described in the ''Opt Out''
Section of our Privacy Policy.

When you voluntarily contact us directly, we may collect information about you
that you provide us (such as your name and surname, email address). We will
use such contact information only for the purpose for which you provided it to
us. We will not share this information with third parties.

If you wish to delete your contact information that we received from you when
you contacted us, please send an e-mail to privacy@outfit7.com and your
contact information will be deleted from our database.

For the  **My Talking Tom App**  and the  **My Talking Angela App**  and the
**My Talking Hank App**  we also collect the information about the name you
give to Tom/Angela/Hank and your rating of the Application (if any) and for
the  **Talking Tom Bubble Shooter App**  we collect information about the
nickname you choose. Please do not use your real name.

## HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

### 1\. In General

We use the information we collect about you/your device to deliver services to
you and to operate our business. Such use by us and by our Partners may
include:

  * **Delivering our services:** developing, delivering and improving our products, services, and content, tailoring our products and services, providing software updates and product support, understanding and analyzing trends in connection with usage of the Apps, administering the Apps, and customer communications.
  * **Displaying advertisements** : displaying third party advertisements in our Apps and showing advertisements for our Apps in other publisher’s apps. Please see more in Advertising Section of this Privacy Policy. 
  * **Cross-promotion:** cross promoting our Apps and services, meaning we may promote one of our Apps while you are playing a different App of ours. 
  * **Tracking and fraud prevention for advertising purposes:** for some of our Apps we use third party services for tracking and fraud prevention for advertising purposes and for privacy compliance purposes. Please see more in Tracking Section of this Privacy Policy.
  * **Analytics and research:** understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of the Apps, gathering demographic information about our user base, data about where the App was downloaded from. We may also create reports and analysis for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Apps and services, or to test our new game features and content. We use the data we receive from Third Party Social Network only for internal analytics. For opting out from analytics please visit Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy.

### 2\. Push Notifications

We use push notifications to remind you about your activities within the App.
You will receive push notifications only if you are subscribed to push
notifications in the App. To unsubscribe, please use the instructions provided
below:

  * **For iOS** : You will be asked to accept or refuse push notifications after an Application is downloaded. If you do not accept, you will not receive push notifications. Please note that if you accept, some mobile phones will allow you to disable push notifications later on by using the settings on your mobile phone. To manage push notifications on your mobile phone please follow these instructions: Open your Settings menu and tap “Notifications”; Find the App; Tap on the icon of App; Manage the “Notifications” option by sliding it OFF or ON.
  * **For Android and Windows** : After an App is downloaded, you will automatically receive push notifications. You can manage push notifications on your mobile phone by entering the “info screen” on the homepage of the App and choosing the “Settings” option. Here, push notifications can be disabled by unchecking the “Notification” option within the App.

We collect push notification tokens in order for us to be able to determine
whether you are subscribed to push notifications. When you decide to
unsubscribe from push notifications, such push notification tokens will be
deleted from our database.

**For the restriction on the usage of information please see ‘Children's
Privacy’ Section of this Privacy Policy.**

### 3\. Survey

We are conducting surveys in order to improve our services and you may freely
decide whether you would like to help us or not.

From time to time we may conduct an in-app survey and collect demographic and
usage information for the purposes of internal analysis, marketing and brand
development. Participating in a survey is completely voluntary. We will use
the information to make our services more appealing to users. Collected
information shall be anonymized and aggregated. We might collect the following
information: age and gender of the user of an app, whether another person uses
the app, the age and gender of the people regularly using the app, assessment
of popularity of the main character, which of the characters are known to the
user, which app is most commonly used, whether children under the age of 13
use the app on their own or with an adult, the gender of users playing the
app, different ways of using the app, an assessment of the features of an app,
the time period of using the app, which apps the user has, which Talking Tom
and Friends Products have been bought or have been considered, what would make
the app more appealing, and other information needed for the purposes of
internal analysis, marketing and brand development.

We may use third party providers for the in-app surveys and they may place
their tags within an App to collect non-personally identifiable data from the
device (”Tag Data”) solely for the purposes of conducting the survey, such as
to collect cross device information in order to enable the deduplication of
audiences across devices. These providers may use the data collected from the
survey and Tag Data on anonymized and aggregated basis together with the data
from other partners (”Unified Data”) to publish syndicated reports on internet
behavior and trends. If you wish to opt out from conducting an in-app survey,
do not click on the survey button or deny answering the survey questions.

## HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES

We cannot provide all services necessary for the successful operation of the
Apps by ourselves. We must therefore share collected information with third
parties, including analytics providers, tracking providers, third party
advertising providers and other third party service providers that support the
Apps (collectively referred to as “Partners”). We may share information that
can be used to personally identify your device (e.g. persistent identifiers
such as IDFA, IDFV, advertising ID and IP address) for the purposes of
delivering our services, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis and
research and for measuring our and our Partners’s advertising campaign
performance. We may share such information to:

  * **Our analytics providers:**  For some Apps we use third party analytics such as BigQuery, and Firebase Analytics for the purposes of delivering our services, conducting analysis and research. To get more information about how your data is being collected and processed you can visit the site “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Additionally we have also integrated Google Play Developer Console data like Impressions, Downloads, and Traffic Sources into a Google Analytics account to see how many times people viewed or downloaded our apps from Google Play. The device data we share with such providers are encoded. The providers may assign a random ID to these data and they are not able to match it back to You. Third party analytics providers have the right to process the data in accordance with their privacy policies (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/#nosharing) and such collection and processing is limited to the disclosure in aggregated manner, for the purposes of showing trends about the use of their services, for advertising services and marketing purposes. We can aggregate the data for benchmarking feature.
  * **Our cloud service providers:** We store information we collect from you on servers provided by our third party cloud service providers such as Google Cloud Platform and Google’s Android Backup Service;
  * **Our tracking and fraud prevention providers:** For some of our Apps we use third party services for tracking of our advertising campaigns, for fraud prevention and privacy compliance purposes. Please see more in Tracking Section of this Privacy Policy. 
  * **Third party advertising partners:**   We have contracted with certain third party advertising networks that assist us in delivering advertising to you that allows us to continue offering the Apps for free or at low cost. Such third party advertising partners include but are not limited to advertising providers listed at http://outfit7.com/third-party-ad-providers/. Please see more in Advertising Section of this Privacy Policy.
  * **Advertising partner’s third party tracking provider:**  For some Apps we may allow our advertising partners to track impressions, clicks, installs or other advertising campaign performance indicators through their tracking providers for the purposes of measuring their advertising campaign performance. Please see more in Tracking Section of this Privacy Policy.
  * **Other third party service providers:**  For some Apps we use Unity Software to develop such Apps. For the data processing by Unity please see Unity’s privacy policy available at https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.

We may contract with additional Partners or change existing Partners in the
future to perform any services in connection with the Apps. These changes
shall be updated twice a year or promptly in case of material changes in our
data processing practices.

We reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally
identifiable information) in response to law, legal process, litigation,
and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside
your country of residence. We may also disclose information about you if we
determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other
issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may
also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is
reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our
operations, users or user experience. Additionally, in the event of a
reorganization, merger or sale we may transfer any and all information
(including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant
third party.

For any additional questions about third party information collection please
refer to privacy@outfit7.com.

## HOW OUR PARTNERS MAY USE YOUR INFORMATION

We strive to adhere to the generally accepted industry practices regarding the
collection and the usage of information by our Partners and to limit their
usage to the services they provide for us. They adhere to this Privacy Policy,
but in some cases we must use their privacy policies.

We strive to commit our Partners to using the information solely for the
purposes as stated in this Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding the above, we
cannot guarantee that our Partners will adhere to the contractual obligations
or acceptable business practices. While we strive to protect the information
provided to our Partners, we have no direct control over their use of the
collected information and therefore you acknowledge that we are not liable for
any third party privacy breach and that our liability for our Partner breaches
is limited to the amount we are able to receive as indemnification from our
Partners (legal costs exempted).

Some of the Apps allow you to submit content generated in or by the Apps to
third party sites like Facebook, Vkontakte, Google Play Games, Game Center and
YouTube. These submissions follow the information transfer protocols of such
third parties, which are designed to enable content sharing with such third
parties.

## ADVERTISING

When you use our Apps we may display contextual advertisements to you. In
order to enable advertising we allow our advertising partners to collect
online identifiers (such as Advertising ID on Android and IDFA on iOS) that
might be considered as personal information under some legislations, but they
should use it solely for the purposes of contextual advertising. For any other
purposes they should use the information solely on anonymized and aggregated
basis.

For some territories, we may use and share with our advertising partners
technical and advertising and application usage information we collect from
you (please see Information and Data We Collect From You Section of this
Privacy Policy) in order to enable our advertising partner to deliver, target
and optimize third party advertising in our Apps, so that the advertisements
you see are more relevant to you and are based on your app and device usage,
online behavior and interests (this is commonly referred to as online
behavioral or interest based advertising, i.e. IBA). In addition, we may use
and share such information with our advertising partners in order to target
and optimize our advertising and promotions in our and other publisher’s apps.

We will always follow applicable legislation and accepted market practices,
thus we will not use and share information for the purposes of behavioral
advertising for users who did not pass the age gate in our Apps and for those
who opted-out of IBA. For more information on behavioral advertising and our
IBA providers please see Interest-Based Ads Section of this Privacy Policy.
For opting out from sharing your information and data for the purposes of
behavioral advertising please visit Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy.

## TRACKING

When you use the App, we or third parties operating the advertisement serving
technology may use information logged from your device using SDKs, cookies,
web beacons and other technologies to ensure that appropriate advertising is
presented within the App and to calculate the number of unique and repeat
views of advertising.

For some of our Apps we use third party tracking and data collection tools
from our service providers for the purposes of tracking performance, ad
visibility and privacy compliance of third party SDKs in our Apps.

We use third party tracking and data collection tools from our service
providers, such as AppsFlyer and 24metrics, for the purposes of measuring
performance and optimizing our advertising campaigns, displaying
advertisements, conducting analysis to improve our services and for fraud
prevention purposes. Such tools may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our Apps to
enable them to collect and analyze user and device related data and
information, such as impressions, clicks, installs or other advertising
campaign performance indicators and post-install in-app events.

In addition, our Partners may use their own tracking technologies (including
and without limitation: SDKs, cookies, Web beacons, HTTP cache, local shared
objects and other technologies) in order to track impressions, clicks,
installs or other advertising campaign performance indicators for the purposes
of measuring third party advertising campaign performance.

## THIRD PARTY SOCIAL NETWORKS

### 1\. Connecting To Third Party Social Networks

Some of our Apps use third parties’ services such as Google Play Games
Service, Apple Game Center, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter or Vkontakte (“Third
Party Social Network/s”). Such Apps enable you log in to your Third Party
Social Network account to connect to our App by using the “Log in with”or
“Connect to” feature in our App. You may also share the content you created
within the App on Third Party Social Networks. By logging in to your Third
Party Social Network account to connect to our App or by using the App to
share content on such Third Party Social Network, you are authorizing us to
collect, store, and use any and all information, in accordance with this
Privacy Policy, that you agreed that such Third Party Social Network could
provide to us through the Application Programming Interfaces (“API”). You
authorize us to do so when you “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms)
connection of one of our Apps to such Third Party Social Network. The
information you allow us to access varies by App, and it is affected by the
privacy settings you and your friends establish on those Third Party Social
Networks. You can control and find out more about these settings at the Third
Party Social Network in question. Please note, Third Party Social Networks are
governed by their own privacy policies, terms and end user agreements and we
are not responsible for, and have no control over, the sharing practices or
policies of the third parties that operate those sites. For additional
questions you can contact us at privacy@outfit7.com.

### 2\. Data We May Access Via Third Party Social Networks

If you use the “Log in with” or “Connect to” feature we may access and store
some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, Third Party
Social Networks and your preferences: (i) your basic information from your
public profile, such as your name, surname, profile picture, age range,
gender, and other public information; (ii) email address, login ID and/or
player identifier string (iii) list of your friends; (iv) any other
information which is detailed and displayed to you in the notice which appears
during the "Log in with" or “Connect to” process. We may share your name,
profile picture and your game data (such as moves, App progress and scores)
with respect to the applicable App, with your friends who have also used the
“Log in with” or “Connect to” feature in connection with such App or with your
contacts in applicable Third Party Social Media Network account.

The App may further ask you to allow us to post on such Third Party Social
Networks on your behalf (e.g. photos, e-cards, videos and status updates).
Please keep in mind that we will only do that if specifically allowed by you
and we will store ID and your full name for the purposes of user
identification. Other information will be merely stored within the App on your
device so that the App will be able to communicate with Third Party Social
Network directly; Voice recordings from Apps are also only being collected and
stored within the Apps solely upon your request.

### 3\. Consent To Publicly Display Data On Third Party Social Networks

If you use Third Party Social Networks to participate in game related
activities, including but not limited to participation in leader boards,
multi-player games or the downloading and uploading of content, OUTFIT7 and
its affiliates may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display
statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and
achievements), or identify content that is created and shared by you with
other players. Data that personally identifies you is collected, used, stored
and transmitted in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## THIRD PARTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Please note that your access to and ability to use and interact with the Apps
may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy
policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software
platforms, online gaming platforms, social networking services, statistics
services providers and payment providers. You recognize and agree that OUTFIT7
is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of
your personal information.

Our Apps may contain links to third party websites, products, or services. For
example, the Apps may feature offers from third party advertisers or the
ability to engage in transactions with such entities. Please note that while
using such third party offerings, you are using sites, products, and services
developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or
controlled by us. We are not responsible for the actions of those people or
companies, the content of their sites, products or services, the use of
information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer.
Our link to such third parties does not constitute our sponsorship of, or
affiliation with, those people or companies. Nor is such linking an
endorsement of such third party’s privacy or information security policies or
practices or their compliance with laws. Information collected by third
parties, which may include such things as location information or contact
details, is governed by their privacy practices. These other websites or
services may place their own cookies or other files on your computing device,
collect information or solicit personal information from you. We encourage you
to learn about the privacy practices of third parties with which you interact.

We are not responsible or liable for your interaction with such third parties,
the information requests initiated by such third parties, or the subsequent
use, treatment or dissemination of information you voluntarily choose to
provide to them.

## CHILDREN’S PRIVACY

We consider ourselves to be family oriented, however we have decided to
voluntarily implement higher child protection standards even though our
products and services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect
personal information from children under 13, with the sole exception of
persistent identifiers as described below. If we learn that we have collected
personal information other than persistent identifier of a child under the age
of 13, we will take all reasonable steps to delete the information as soon as
possible. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal
information without your consent, please contact us at privacy@outfit7.com.

In order to preserve the family-friendly reputation of our Apps, we age-gated
some of the features in our Apps, so that they are not available for use by
children under 13. The age gate is being conducted after the download of some
of our Apps for specific territories in order to assure the privacy and
protection of younger users of our Apps. The features enabling potential
collection and sharing of personally identifiable information, with the
exception of persistent identifiers, are disabled for device IDs of users who
did not pass the age gate. For user’s safety, it is not possible to change the
age later on. We do not store the year of birth of users who have identified
themselves as below the age of 13 in our Apps, but only the information that
their device ID did not pass the age gate.

The only personal information we collect from users who have identified
themselves as below the age of 13 for the purposes of offering our services
are persistent identifiers (such as device ID, IDFA, IDFV, advertising ID, IP
address). Such persistent identifiers are used and shared with third parties
solely for providing support for the internal operations meaning to place
contextual advertisement (including frequency capping), to authenticate users
of or personalize the content on Apps, to maintain or analyze the functioning
of the Apps, personalize the content of the App (such as sending push
notifications), to perform network communications to protect the security or
integrity of the user or the App, to ensure legal or regulatory compliance.

When using the persistent identifiers we will not contact users under the age
of 13, display behavioral advertising to them, nor do any user tracking or
profiling. In addition, we strive that all of our advertising partners adhere
to the same standards for the collection, usage and disclosure of children’s
personal information as we do, but we can not be responsible if they breach
the commitments they gave to us regarding the collection of information. In
case of such breaches you agree that our liability is limited to the amounts
we are able to receive as indemnification for the breaches from our
advertising partner. For the detailed information about disclosure to third
parties please see section How do we share your information and data to third
parties of this Privacy Policy. For any additional questions about third party
information disclosure please refer to privacy@outfit7.com.

We will send push notifications only to users who allow us to do so in order
to reengage them in terms of using the App. You may unsubscribe at any time by
following the instructions in section Push Notifications of this Privacy
Policy. We strive to ensure that the content of the push notifications will
always be family-friendly. Push notifications are local, contextual and sent
in app only and not from a server or in conjunction with other user
information.

## Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification

Outfit 7 is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor
Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to
the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by
clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization
committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online.
The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates Outfit7 has
established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to
PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have
questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@outfit7.com. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us,
you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com

**COPPA Safe Harbor Certification**

**
![](data:image/png;base64,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)**

## OPT-OUT

You are always free to opt out from the future collection of your personal
information by OUTFIT7 in accordance with this Privacy Policy by uninstalling
all the Apps from each of your computing devices.

### Opting Out of IBA:

#### 1\. Via third party IBA providers

For MoPub Ads please visit http://www.mopub.com/optout/;

For FB Ads please visit https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads;

For InMobi Ads please visit http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/;

For Google (Adx) please visit
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html;

For Google (AdMob) please visit
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html;

For AppLovin please visit https://www.applovin.com/optout;

For My.Com please visit https://target.my.com/privacy/;

For OpenX please visit
http://openx.com/legal/privacypolicy/interestbasedadvertising/;

For Inneractive please visit section MANAGE YOUR PRIVACY of Inneractive's
privacy policy available at http://inner-active.com/privacy-policy/;

For Machine Zone please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-
choices;

For Madgic please visit http://www.madgic.com/opt-out-and-identifier-reset/;

For AerServ please visit https://www.aerserv.com/third-party-opt-out/;

For Triapodi Ltd., dba Appreciate please visit
http://appreciate.mobi/page.html#/appoffers-opt-out;

For Smaato please visit https://www.smaato.com/privacy/#section4;

For SMARTSTREAM.TV please visit
http://www.smartstream.tv/optout/cookieOptOut.php;

For Maiden Marketing PTE Ltd, dba Pokkt - Please see Section “10. Your choices
and opting-out” of Maiden Marketing PTE’s privacy policy available at
https://www.pokkt.com/privacy;

For Vungle please visit https://vungle.com/opt-out/;

For PubMatic please visit https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/#IBA;

For AdAction please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices;

For AdColony please visit https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-
policy/#targetingchoices;

For Apple (Search Ads) please visit https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074;

For Google (Ad Words) please visit
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en;

For Chartboost please visit www.chartboost.com/useroptout;

For Motive Interactive please visit http://motiveinteractive.com/privacy#opt-
out;

For Max Advertising Systems, Inc., dba MAX please visit
http://maxads.io/optout.html;

For Matomy Media Group Ltd., dba Mobfox please visit Mobfox
https://www.mobfox.com/privacy-policy/#opt-out;

For Click Tech Limited (dba Yeahmobi) please visit
https://en.yeahmobi.com/can-users-opt-out-of-devices/;

For Snapchat please visit https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/a/advertising-
preferences;

For Gameloft S.E. – Please see Section “Limit Ad Tracking / Do Not Track of
Gameloft Cookie Policy available at http://www.gameloft.com/en-
gb/legal/showcase-cookie-policy;

For IQzone Inc. please visit https://iqzone.com/about/privacy/#optout;

For Twitter please visit https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-
security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads;

For Etermax S.A. please visit http://www.etermax.com/en/privacy/#publicity-
analytics.

If you choose to opt out by following one of the third party IBA provider’s
opt out mechanisms, you should stop receiving ads based on your interest via
the selected third party IBA provider, but you may continue to receive
interest-based or targeted ads via other IBA providers. For opting out from
receiving interest-based or targeted ads through all IBA providers, please see
opt out options 2. and 3. below.

#### 2\. Via “Do Not Track Settings” in mobile phone

If you choose to opt out via “Do Not Track Settings” in your mobile phone all
providers of advertising services are bound to comply with such “Do Not Track”
setting, but we cannot provide any guarantees on their behalf. If you choose
the opt-out option available via our Apps, we will not share your advertising
ID with advertisers for the purposes of IBA. We provide no guarantees
regarding the information provided prior to opting out. Some providers may
have additional opt-out mechanisms implemented.

If you turn on “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS device or “Opt Out of Interest-
Based Ads” on your Android device, you can restore interest-based ads by
turning the settings off. When you opt out, you may still see the same number
of ads on your mobile device; however, these ads may be less relevant because
they won’t be based on your interests. Our advertising partners may continue
to serve you ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related
to the content of the application you are using.

Your iOS or Android mobile device may provide a “Limit Ad Tracking” or “Opt
Out of Interest-Based Advertising” setting. When you have opted out using this
setting on a device, our partners will not use information collected from that
device to infer your interests, or to serve ads to that device that are
targeted based on your inferred interests.

You can find the setting for your mobile device by following the directions
below, or contact your device provider.

The reason for switching from device IDs to Advertising Identifier is that
advertisers are able to use this identifier only for advertising and for no
other purpose, while users can choose to opt out of tracking via the settings
of mobile phone. Advertising Identifier is an anonymous identifier for
advertising purposes which enables users to reset their identifier or opt out
of interest-based ads. The parties participating in advertising are obligated
to follow users’ choice for opting out of tracking according to the app store
guidelines.

**IOS DEVICE**

  * iOS 7 or Higher

Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit
Ad Tracking” setting

  * iOS 6

Go to your Settings > Select General > Select About > Select Advertising >
Enable the “Limit Ads Tracking” setting

More information about the iOS setting can be found here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074

**ANDROID DEVICE**

For Android devices with OS 2.2 and up and Google Play Services version 4.0
and up:

Open your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable “Opt Out of Interest-Based
Advertising”

#### 3\. Via our apps

We have created an opt-out option within some of our Apps. You may choose it
by visiting ''Info Screen'', ''Settings'' and ticking the ''Disable Interest-
Based Ads''. Choosing this option will mean that you will still be served ads,
but they will not be tailored to your preferences. Should you decide to opt
out of advertising altogether, you may make an in-app purchase to do so, or
you can delete the App.

## IN-APP PURCHASES

Our Apps enable in-app purchases. We do not process payments for in-app
purchases nor have access to your credit card information. Payment
transactions for in-app purchases are completed through the app store via your
app store account. Any post-purchase processes are controlled by the app store
and are subject to specific terms of such app store.

For more information on in-app purchases in our Apps please see In-App
Purchases Section of the End User License Agreement available at
http://outfit7.com/eula/.

## SPECIAL PRIVACY FEATURES IN SOME OF OUR APPS

Some of our Apps offer you the option to talk to the virtual character of such
Apps. All of our Apps that offer such feature will always ask you for your
permission to access the microphone on your device in advance. If you decide
to give us the permission, the virtual character will be able to repeat what
you say to him. Please note that our Apps do not have a function to record
audio, so what you say to the virtual character is not stored on our servers,
it is only used by the App to repeat to you in realtime. If you decide not to
give us the permission to access the microphone on your device, the virtual
character will not be able to repeat after you.

Some of our Apps offer you to compete and interact with your Facebook friends,
but you need to login with your Facebook account. By doing so, the App will
receive your public profile and the list of friends. If you do not want to
share the list of friends with the App, you can uncheck the box next to the
permission for sharing the list of friends in the notice that appears during
the “Log in with Facebook”. If you choose to login with Your Facebook account,
the App will show Your public profile to your Facebook friends.

Some of our Apps can be played in a single or a multiplayer mode. In a
multiplayer mode you can play matches with random players or your Facebook
friends. Such Apps will ask you to choose your name. Please do not choose your
real name. You can always change your name by going to “Settings” and
selecting “Change Name”. The name you enter and your rank will be publicly
displayed when playing with random players in a multiplayer mode. In order to
play matches with Your Facebook friends, you need to login with your Facebook
account. By doing so, the App will receive your public profile and the list of
friends. If you do not want to share the list of friends with the App, you can
uncheck the box next to the list. However, you cannot play matches with your
Facebook friends without giving the App the permission to share your public
profile. If you choose to login with Your Facebook account, the application
will show Your public profile when playing with your Facebook friends or
random players.

## PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We have implemented: reasonable security measures to protect the
confidentiality, security and integrity of the collected information, and to
prevent unauthorized access and the use of information contrary to this
Privacy Policy. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that
your information remains secure when maintained by us, please be aware that no
security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

## INTEGRITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We strive to enable you to keep your information accurate, complete and up to
date. You can access, check and ensure the integrity of your information as
described below.

## ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION

We make good faith efforts to provide you with access to the personal
information you provide to us (information associated with your account). You
can also request that we correct or delete information, provided that we are
not required to retain such information by law or for legitimate business
purposes.

We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require
disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are
extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local
law. Access, correction or deletion requests regarding your personal
information may be submitted to privacy@outfit7.com. For some of our Apps we
may develop in-app deletion request functionality which can be used in
addition to the address above.

## INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER

We operate globally, thus we may for the purposes described in this Privacy
Policy transfer your information to our affiliated entities and/or to other
third party service providers across boarder and from your country or
jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please
note, that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data
protection laws as your own jurisdiction, but wherever your personal
information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable
steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information.

## STORING OF INFORMATION

We store your information for as long as needed to provide you with our
services. We may store information longer, but only in a way that it cannot be
tracked back to you. We delete the information as soon as we do not need them
for providing our services, unless a longer retention period is required or
permitted by applicable legislation.

Storing might be different depending on the territory of collecting the
information and the applicable legislation, but we always strive to store the
information only as long as it is needed for the purposes of providing,
improving or personalizing our services.

## DELETION OF INFORMATION

When information is no longer needed, we shall delete it using reasonable
measures to protect the information from unauthorized access or use.

## CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our
users, furnish current information, and respond to legal and technical
changes. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of
your information and will be available at http://outfit7.com/privacy/.

Should you request so by informing us on privacy@outfit7.com, we will send you
all the updates of this Privacy Policy to your e-mail. We will also inform you
about any material updates of our Privacy Policy with an in-app banner and a
link.

## PRIVACY QUESTIONS

If you have questions or concerns about OUTFIT7’s Privacy Policy or
information processing, please contact us through privacy@outfit7.com.

OUTFIT7 Privacy Policy, v14.0, updated April 2019

  * Games
  * Videos
  * Jobs
  * Support
  * Media
  * Blog
  * Talking Tom And Friends

  * Privacy
  * Legal
  * © 2010 – 2019 Outfit7 Limited. All rights reserved
  *  粤ICP备14093872号-4
  *     *     *     * 

