

![](images/logo.svg?crc=4146738329)

# Privacy Policy of **Dumpster**

Dumpster collects some Personal Data from its Users.

## Policy summary

## Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following
services:

  *     * ### Advertising

      * ### AdMob and Facebook Audience Network

Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google
Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data

    * ### Analytics

      * ### Appsee

Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data

      * ### Fabric Answers and Google Analytics for Firebase

Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google
Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data

      * ### Facebook Analytics for Apps

Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy
policy of the service

    * ### Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)

      * ### Firebase Remote Config

Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service

    * ### Device permissions for Personal Data access

      * ### Device permissions for Personal Data access

Personal Data: Contacts permission; Phone permission; Storage permission

    * ### Handling payments

      * ### Android Pay

Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service

    * ### Hosting and backend infrastructure

      * ### Google App Engine and Google Cloud Storage

Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service

    * ### Infrastructure monitoring

      * ### Crashlytics

Personal Data: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising
(Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); various types of Data as
specified in the privacy policy of the service

      * ### Firebase Crash Reporting and Firebase Performance Monitoring

Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service

    * ### Managing contacts and sending messages

      * ### Firebase Cloud Messaging

Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service

      * ### Sendgrid

Personal Data: email address

      * ### OneSignal

Personal Data: Cookies; email address; geographic position; language; unique
device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for
example); Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy
of the service

    * ### Registration and authentication

      * ### Google OAuth

Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
service

    * ### Tag Management

      * ### Google Tag Manager

Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data

## Further information about Personal Data

  *     * ### HSDG Technologies

Your installation and use of this product involves the collection and use of
certain data by third parties, according to the terms set forth on the
following third-party privacy policy: http://www.dumpsterprivacy-policy.com

    * ### Push notifications

Dumpster may send push notifications to the User.

## Contact information

  *     * ### Owner and Data Controller

Baloota Applications Ltd.  
35 Mishol Hamarva st.  
Nataf 9080400

**Owner contact email:** privacy@baloota.com

## Full policy

## Owner and Data Controller

Baloota Applications Ltd.  
35 Mishol Hamarva st.  
Nataf 9080400

**Owner contact email:** privacy@baloota.com

## Types of Data collected

Among the types of Personal Data that Dumpster collects, by itself or through
third parties, there are: Cookies; Usage Data; unique device identifiers for
advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Contacts permission;
Phone permission; Storage permission; geographic position; email address;
language.

Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the
dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts
displayed prior to the Data collection.  
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data,
collected automatically when using Dumpster.  
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Dumpster is mandatory and
failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Dumpster to provide
its services. In cases where Dumpster specifically states that some Data is
not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without
consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.  
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to
contact the Owner.  
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by Dumpster or by the owners
of third-party services used by Dumpster serves the purpose of providing the
Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in
the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.

Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or
shared through Dumpster and confirm that they have the third party's consent
to provide the Data to the Owner.

## Mode and place of processing the Data

### Methods of processing

The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access,
disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.  
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools,
following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes
indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible
to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Dumpster
(administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external
parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers,
hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if
necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties
may be requested from the Owner at any time.

### Legal basis of processing

The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following
applies:

  * Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
  * provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
  * processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
  * processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
  * processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.

In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis
that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of
Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
necessary to enter into a contract.

### Place

The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places
where the parties involved in the processing are located.  
  
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the
User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the
place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section
containing details about the processing of Personal Data.

Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a
country outside the European Union or to any international organization
governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such
as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard
their Data.  
  
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the
relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the
information provided in the contact section.

### Retention time

Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the
purpose they have been collected for.

Therefore:

  * Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
  * Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.

The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever
the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not
withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a
longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal
obligation or upon order of an authority.  
  
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore,
the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the
right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention
period.

## The purposes of processing

The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its
Services, as well as for the following purposes: Advertising, Analytics,
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing), Device permissions for
Personal Data access, Handling payments, Hosting and backend infrastructure,
Infrastructure monitoring, Managing contacts and sending messages,
Registration and authentication and Tag Management.

Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing
and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective
sections of this document.

## Device permissions for Personal Data access

Depending on the User's specific device, Dumpster may request certain
permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.

By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the
respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it
can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions,
Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the
contact details provided in the present document.  
The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the
User's device and software.

Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper
functioning of Dumpster.

If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal
Data may be processed (i.e accessed to, modified or removed) by Dumpster.

### Contacts permission

Used for accessing contacts and profiles on the User's device, including the
changing of entries.

### Phone permission

Used for accessing a host of typical features associated with telephony. This
enables, for instance, read-only access to the “phone state”, which means it
enables access to the phone number of the device, current mobile network
information, or the status of any ongoing calls.

### Storage permission

Used for accessing shared external storage, including the reading and adding
of any items.

## Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data

Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following
services:

  * ### Advertising

This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising
communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other
advertisements on Dumpster, possibly based on User interests.  
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose.
Information and conditions of use are shown below.  
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they
may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to
the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside Dumpster.
For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant
services.  
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may
opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the Network
Advertising Initiative opt-out page.

#### AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)

AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.  
**In order to understand Google's use of Data, consultGoogle's partner
policy**.

Personal Data collected: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising
(Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield
participant.

#### Facebook Audience Network (Facebook, Inc.)

Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook, Inc.
**In order to understand Facebook's use of Data, consultFacebook's data
policy.**

Dumpster may use identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising
ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and technologies similar
to cookies to run the Facebook Audience Network service. One of the ways
Audience Network shows ads is by using the User's ad preferences. The User can
control this in the Facebook ad settings.

Users may opt-out of certain Audience Network targeting through applicable
device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or
by following the instructions in other Audience Network related sections of
this privacy policy, if available.

Personal Data collected: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising
(Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield
participant.

  * ### Analytics

The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze
web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.

#### Appsee (Shift 6 Ltd)

Appsee is an analytics service provided by Shift 6 Ltd.  
This service is designed for mobile apps analytics and can collect various
information about your phone, highlighted in the Appsee privacy policy.

Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.

Place of processing: Israel – Privacy Policy.

#### Fabric Answers (Google LLC)

Fabric Answers is an analytics service provided by Crashlytics, a business
division of Google LLC.  
**In order to understand Google's use of Data, consultGoogle's partner
policy**.

This service is designed for mobile apps analytics and can collect various
information about your phone, highlighted in the Fabric Answers privacy
policy.  
In particular, Dumpster uses identifiers for mobile devices (including Android
Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and
technologies similar to cookies to run the Fabric Answers service. Fabric
Answers may share Data with other tools provided by Fabric/Crashlytics, such
as Crashlytics or Twitter. The User may check this privacy policy to find a
detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.  
Users may opt-out of certain Fabric Answers features through applicable device
settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by
following the instructions in other Fabric related sections of this privacy
policy, if available.

Personal Data collected: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising
(Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

#### Facebook Analytics for Apps (Facebook, Inc.)

Facebook Analytics for Apps is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc.

Personal Data collected: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the
privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

#### Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)

Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service
provided by Google LLC.  
**In order to understand Google's use of Data, consultGoogle's partner
policy**.

Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such
as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User
may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other
tools used by the Owner.

Dumpster uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to
cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.

Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device
settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by
following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy
policy, if available.

Personal Data collected: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising
(Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

  * ### Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)

The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze
the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the
structure, text or any other component of Dumpster.

#### Firebase Remote Config (Google LLC)

Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service provided by
Google LLC.

Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy
policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

  * ### Device permissions for Personal Data access

Dumpster requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the
User's device Data as described below.

#### Device permissions for Personal Data access (Dumpster)

Dumpster requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the
User's device Data as summarized here and described within this document.

Personal Data collected: Contacts permission; Phone permission; Storage
permission.

  * ### Handling payments

Payment processing services enable Dumpster to process payments by credit
card, bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, Dumpster
shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the
financial intermediaries handling the transaction.  
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the
User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the
payment.

#### Android Pay (Google Inc.)

Android Pay is a payment service provided by Google Inc., which allows Users
to make payments using their mobile phones.

Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy
policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

  * ### Hosting and backend infrastructure

This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable
Dumpster to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made
infrastructure to run specific features or parts of Dumpster. Some of these
services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult
to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.

#### Google App Engine (Google LLC)

Google App Engine is a hosting service provided by Google LLC.

Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy
policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

#### Google Cloud Storage (Google Inc.)

Google Cloud Storage is a hosting service provided by Google Inc.

Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy
policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

  * ### Infrastructure monitoring

This type of service allows Dumpster to monitor the use and behavior of its
components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can
be improved.  
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of
implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities
of Dumpster.

#### Crashlytics (Google Inc.)

Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google Inc.

Personal Data collected: geographic position; unique device identifiers for
advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); various types of Data
as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

#### Firebase Crash Reporting (Google Inc.)

Firebase Crash Reporting is a monitoring service provided by Google, Inc.

Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy
policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

#### Firebase Performance Monitoring (Google LLC)

Firebase Performance Monitoring is a monitoring service provided by Google
LLC.

Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy
policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

  * ### Managing contacts and sending messages

This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts,
phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.  
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the
message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it,
such as by clicking on links included in the message.

#### Firebase Cloud Messaging (Google Inc.)

Firebase Cloud Messaging is a message sending service provided by Google, Inc.
Firebase Cloud Messaging allows the Owner to send messages and notifications
to Users across platforms such as Android, iOS, and the web. Messages can be
sent to single devices, groups of devices, or specific topics or User
segments.

Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy
policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

#### Sendgrid (Sendgrid)

Sendgrid is an email address management and message sending service provided
by Sendgrid Inc.

Personal Data collected: email address.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

#### OneSignal (Lilomi, Inc.)

OneSignal is a message sending service provided by Lilomi, Inc.

OneSignal allows the Owner to send messages and notifications to Users across
platforms such as Android, iOS, and the web. Messages can be sent to single
devices, groups of devices, or specific topics or User segments. Depending on
the permissions granted to Dumpster, the Data collected may also include
precise location (i.e. GPS-level data) or WiFi information, apps installed and
enabled on the User's device. Dumpster uses identifiers for mobile devices
(including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS,
respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the OneSignal
service.

**The Data collected may be used by the service provider for interest-based
advertising, analytics and market research. In order to understand OneSignal's
use of Data, consultOneSignal's privacy policy**.

**Push notifications opt-out**  
Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting
their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones,
and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on the particular
device.

**Interest-based advertising opt-out**  
Users may opt-out of OneSignal advertising features through applicable device
settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones. Different
device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these
indicated settings work.

Personal Data collected: Cookies; email address; geographic position;
language; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or
IDFA, for example); Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the
privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt out.

  * ### Registration and authentication

By registering or authenticating, Users allow Dumpster to identify them and
give them access to dedicated services.  
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration
and authentication services. In this case, Dumpster will be able to access
some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or
identification purposes.

#### Google OAuth (Google Inc.)

Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google
Inc. and is connected to the Google network.

Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy
policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

  * ### Tag Management

This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on
Dumpster in a centralized fashion.  
This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially
resulting in the retention of this Data.

#### Google Tag Manager (Google LLC)

Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC.

Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield
participant.

## Further information about Personal Data

  * ### HSDG Technologies

Your installation and use of this product involves the collection and use of
certain data by third parties, according to the terms set forth on the
following third-party privacy policy: http://www.dumpsterprivacy-policy.com

  * ### Push notifications

Dumpster may send push notifications to the User.

## The rights of Users

Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.

In particular, Users have the right to do the following:

  * **Withdraw their consent at any time.** Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
  * **Object to processing of their Data.** Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
  * **Access their Data.** Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
  * **Verify and seek rectification.** Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
  * **Restrict the processing of their Data.** Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it. 
  * **Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.** Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
  * **Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.** Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
  * **Lodge a complaint.** Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.

### Details about the right to object to processing

Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an
official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate
interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by
providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the
objection.

Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for
direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time
without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing
Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant
sections of this document.

### How to exercise these rights

Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the
contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised
free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and
always within one month.

## Additional information about Data collection and processing

### Legal action

The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court
or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of
Dumpster or the related Services.  
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal
personal data upon request of public authorities.

### Additional information about User's Personal Data

In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Dumpster may
provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning
particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon
request.

### System logs and maintenance

For operation and maintenance purposes, Dumpster and any third-party services
may collect files that record interaction with Dumpster (System logs) use
other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.

### Information not contained in this policy

More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be
requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at
the beginning of this document.

### How “Do Not Track” requests are handled

Dumpster does not support “Do Not Track” requests.  
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not
Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.

### Changes to this privacy policy

The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any
time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within Dumpster
and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to
Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly
recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last
modification listed at the bottom.  
  
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the
User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where
required.

###  Definitions and legal references

#### Personal Data (or Data)

Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other
information — including a personal identification number — allows for the
identification or identifiability of a natural person.

#### Usage Data

Information collected automatically through Dumpster (or third-party services
employed in Dumpster), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of
the computers utilized by the Users who use Dumpster, the URI addresses
(Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to
submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response,
the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful
outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and
the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit
(e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details
about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the
sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating
system and/or the User's IT environment.

#### User

The individual using Dumpster who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with
the Data Subject.

#### Data Subject

The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.

#### Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)

The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which
processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this
privacy policy.

#### Data Controller (or Owner)

The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which,
alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the
processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the
operation and use of Dumpster. The Data Controller, unless otherwise
specified, is the Owner of Dumpster.

####  Dumpster (or this Application)

The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.

#### Service

The service provided by Dumpster as described in the relative terms (if
available) and on this site/application.

#### European Union (or EU)

Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the
European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the
European Economic Area.

#### Cookies

Small sets of data stored in the User's device.

* * *

#### Legal information

This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple
legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data
Protection Regulation).

This privacy policy relates solely to Dumpster, if not stated otherwise within
this document.

Latest update: March 13, 2019

iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly
necessary for it to be provided.

About

Press

Support

Blog

Have feedback for us? Bring it on!

Contact us at: support@baloota.com

Dumpster is the first and only (!) Android recycle bin app. Created for real
people with love. Because we believe that you should have the freedom to make
mistakes!



Download from Google Play

![](images/googleplus-color.svg?crc=3976785934) ![](images/facebook-
color.svg?crc=183915179) ![](images/twitter-color.svg?crc=213225247)

Copyrights ©2017 Baloota Apps | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy

![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903) ![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903)
![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903)

About

Press

Support

Blog

![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903) ![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903)
![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903)

![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903) ![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903)
![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903)

![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903) ![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903)
![](images/blank.gif?crc=4208392903)

