This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our
website. Learn more

Got it!

![Any.do logo](/v4/images/logo_blue.svg)

  * Any.do __
    * __To do list __
        *           * __To-do list for iPhone
          * __To-do list for Android
          * __To-do list for iPad
          * __To-do list for Mac
          * __To-do list for Web
          * __To-do list for Desktop
          * __To-do list for Windows
        *           * __To-do list for Alexa
          * __To-do list for Siri
          * __To-do list for Google Assistant
          * __To-do list for Apple Watch
          * __To-do list for Wear OS
          * __To-do list for Firefox
          * __To-do list for Chrome
    * __Calendar __
        *           * __Calendar for iPhone
          * __Calendar for Android
          * __Calendar for iPad
          * __Calendar for Mac
          * __Calendar for PC
          * __Calendar for Web
        *           * __Calendar for Desktop
          * __Calendar for Windows
          * __Calendar for Apple Watch
          * __Calendar for Wear OS
          * __Calendar for Firefox
          * __Calendar for Chrome
    * __Grocery List __
        *           * __Grocery list for iPhone
          * __Grocery list for Android
          * __Grocery list for iPad
          * __Grocery list for Mac
          * __Grocery list for PC
          * __Grocery list for Web
          * __Grocery list for Desktop
          * __Grocery list for Windows
        *           * __Grocery list for Alexa
          * __Grocery list for Siri
          * __Grocery list for Google Assistant
          * __Grocery list for Apple Watch
          * __Grocery list for Wear OS
          * __Grocery list for Firefox
          * __Grocery list for Chrome
    * __Reminders __
        *           * __Reminders for iPhone
          * __Reminders for Android
          * __Reminders for iPad
          * __Reminders for Mac
          * __Reminders for PC
          * __Reminders for Web
          * __Reminders for Desktop
          * __Reminders for Windows
        *           * __Reminders for Alexa
          * __Reminders for Siri
          * __Reminders for Google Assistant
          * __Reminders for Apple Watch
          * __Reminders for Wear OS
          * __Reminders for Firefox
          * __Reminders for Chrome
    * __Daily Planner __
        *           * __Daily planner for iPhone
          * __Daily planner for Android
          * __Daily planner for iPad
          * __Daily planner for Mac
          * __Daily planner for PC
          * __Daily planner for Web
          * __Daily planner for Desktop
        *           * __Daily planner for Windows
          * __Daily planner for Alexa
          * __Daily planner for Siri
          * __Daily planner for Google Assistant
          * __Daily planner for Firefox
          * __Daily planner for Chrome
  * Assistant
  * Premium
  * Teams

Get Started - It's Free! Login

# Any.do Privacy Policy

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs how we, Any.do Inc. and its
affiliates (“Any.do” “we”, “our” or “us”) use, collect and store information
pertaining to you (“User”, “you”), such as in the following use cases:

  1. When you browse or visit our website, https://www.any.do ( **“Website”** ); 
  2. When you make use of, or interact with, our Website / application(s) / service(s), and the services provided thereunder (collectively referred to as the **“Services”** ): 
    1. When you create an account and login
    2. When you make use of our services as a registered user
    3. When you share and/or reply in our blog
    4. When you subscribe to our newsletters
    5. When we process your job application
    6. When you contact us (e.g. customer support, help, submit a request) 
  3. When you attend a marketing event and provide Personal Data
  4. When you exchange business cards with us
  5. When we use the Personal Data of our service providers
  6. When we use the Personal Data of our customers

We greatly respect your privacy, which is why we make every effort to provide
a platform that would live up to the highest of user privacy standards. Please
read this Privacy Policy carefully, so you can fully understand our practices
in relation to Personal Data. “Personal Data” means any information that can
be used, alone or together with other data, to uniquely identify any living
human being. Please note that this is a master privacy policy and some of its
provisions only apply to individuals in certain jurisdictions. For example,
the legal basis in the table below is only relevant for GDPR-protected
individuals.

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time and therefore we ask you
to check back periodically for the latest version of the Privacy Policy, as
indicated below. If there will be any significant changes made to the use of
your Personal Data in a manner different from that stated at the time of
collection, we will notify you by posting a notice on our Website or by other
means.

## 1\. What information we collect, why we collect it, and how it is used

When you create an account and make use of our services as a registered user

## Data we collect

  1. Facebook Id / Google Id / Email
  2. Full name
  3. Location
  4. Hashed password
  5. Analytics events (how the product is being used)

## Why we collect this data

  1. Creating an account
  2. To personalize the services
  3. Processing the order of the Service
  4. Performing/executing the Service

## Legal basis (GDPR only)

Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data
subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject
prior to entering into a contract.

## Third parties with whom we share your data

3rd party platforms such as for the following purposes:

  1. Hosting
  2. Vendors

## Period of storage

Until you send a deletion request or we proactively decide to delete the data.
Please note that under applicable laws, we may be required to retain the data
for a longer or a shorter period.

## Consequences of not providing the data

  1. Cannot create an account
  2. Cannot personalize the Service
  3. Cannot process the Service order and perform the agreement

When you browse or visit our website

## Data we collect

Cookies

## Why we collect this data

  1. To provide our service and certain features of the product
  2. To improve our product and quality of service

## Legal basis (GDPR only)

Consent

When you contact us (e.g. customer support, help, submit a request)

## Data we collect

  1. Full name
  2. Email address
  3. Location
  4. Device type
  5. Version of the product being used
  6. OS version being used
  7. Any other information that you decide to provide/supply us

## Why we collect this data

  1. To assist you
  2. To respond your query

## Legal basis (GDPR only)

Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data
subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject
prior to entering into a contract

## Third parties with whom we share your data

3rd party platforms such as for the following purposes:

  1. Customer support services

## Period of storage

Until we no longer need the information and proactively delete it or you send
a valid deletion request. Please note that we may retain it for a longer or
shorter period in accordance with data retention laws.

## Consequences of not providing the data

Cannot assist you and respond your query

When we process your job application

## Data we collect

  1. Full name
  2. Email address
  3. Phone number
  4. Work history
  5. Education
  6. Resume
  7. Any other information that you decide to provide/supply us

## Why we collect this data

  1. Process your job application
  2. To assess the candidate

## Legal basis (GDPR only)

Performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to
take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a
contract

## Third parties with whom we share your data

3rd party platforms such as for the following purposes:

  1. HR solution provider

## Period of storage

Until we no longer need the information and proactively delete it or you send
a valid deletion request. Please note that we may retain it for a longer or
shorter period in accordance with data retention laws.

## Consequences of not providing the data

  1. Cannot process your job application
  2. Cannot assess your suitability as a candidate

## 2\. How we protect and store your personal data

**Security**. We have implemented appropriate technical, organizational and
security measures designed to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or
loss, or the unauthorized disclosure or access to such information appropriate
to the nature of the information concerned. However, please note that we
cannot guarantee that the information will not be exposed as a result of
unauthorized penetration to our servers. As the security of information
depends in part on the security of the computer, device or network you use to
communicate with us and the security you use to protect your user IDs and
passwords, please make sure to take appropriate measures to protect this
information.

**Retention of your Personal Data**. In addition to the retention periods
mentioned in Section 1 above, in some circumstances we may store your Personal
Data for longer periods of time, for example (i) where we are required to do
so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements, or
(ii) for us to have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event
of any complaints or challenges, or (iii) if we reasonably believe there is a
prospect of litigation relating to your Personal Data or dealings.

## 3\. How we share your personal data

In addition to the recipients described in Section 1, we may share your
information as follows:

  1. To the extent necessary, with regulators, to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules, and requests of law enforcement, regulatory and other governmental agencies or if required to do so by court order; 
  2. If, in the future, we sell or transfer some or all of our business or assets to a third party, we will (to the minimum extent required) disclose information to a potential or actual third party purchaser of our business or assets. In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer or assign Personal Data in connection with the foregoing events. 
  3. Where you have provided your consent to us sharing the Personal Data (e.g., where you provide us with marketing consents or opt-in to optional additional services or functionality); and 
  4. Where we receive requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we carefully validate these requests before any Personal Data is disclosed. 

## 4\. Additional information regarding transfers of personal data

Access from Israel is covered by the Adequacy Decision issued by the European
Commission about Israel, where it stated that Israel is a jurisdiction that
provides adequate level of data protection.

Internal transfers: Your Personal Data may be transferred within the Any.do
group. We implement sufficient measures to ensure that Personal Data receives
an adequate and consistent level of protection wherever it is transferred to;

External transfers: Where we transfer your Personal Data outside of Any.do,
for example to third parties mentioned in Section 1 above, we will do so in
accordance with the applicable law while we will obtain contractual
commitments from them to protect your Personal Data. To the extent that you
are protected under the GDPR, we bring to your attention that some of these
assurances are well recognized certification schemes like the EU - US Privacy
Shield for the protection of Personal Data transferred from within the EU to
the United States. In addition, we bring to your attention that Israel is a
country declared as offering adequate level of data protection (see here:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-
outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en).

Where we receive requests for Personal Data from law enforcement or
regulators, we carefully validate these requests before any Personal Data is
disclosed.

## 5\. Your rights

The following rights (which may be subject to certain exemptions or
derogations), shall apply to certain individuals (some of which only apply to
individuals protected by the GDPR in certain circumstances):

  1. You have a right to access information held about you. Your right of access is normally be exercised free of charge, however we reserve the right to charge an appropriate administrative fee where permitted by applicable law; 
  2. You have the right to request that we amend any Personal Data we hold that it is inaccurate or misleading. 
  3. You have the right to request the erasure of the Personal Data that relates to you. Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are required to retain your data, for example for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; 
  4. The right to object to or to request restriction of the processing. However, there may be circumstances in which we are legally entitled to refuse your request; 
  5. The right to data portability. This means that you may have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and that you have the right to transmit that data to another controller; 
  6. You have the right to object to profiling;
  7. You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority (i.e., your place of habitual residence, place or work or place of alleged infringement) at any time. We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us before you contact your local supervisory authority 
  8. The right to withdraw your consent. Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are entitled to continue processing your data, in particular if the processing is required to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. 
  9. You also have a right to request details of the basis on which your Personal Data is transferred outside the European Economic Area, but you acknowledge that data transfer agreements may need to be partially redacted for reasons of commercial confidentiality. 

You can exercise your rights by contacting us at privacy@any.do. Subject to
legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable
effort to honor your request promptly or inform you if we require further
information in order to fulfil your request. When processing your request, we
may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for
security purposes, before disclosing the Personal Data requested to you. We
reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your
request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.

In the event that your request would adversely affect the rights and freedoms
of others (for example, would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to
others) or if we are legally entitled to deal with your request in a different
way than initial requested, we will address your request to the maximum extent
possible, all in accordance with applicable law.

## 6\. Use of anonymous information

We may use Anonymous Information (as defined below) or disclose it to third
party service providers in order to improve our Website and services and
enhance your experience with the Website. We may also disclose Anonymous
Information (with or without compensation) to third parties, including
advertisers and partners. “Anonymous Information” means information which does
not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated
information about the use of our Website.

## 7\. Use by children

We do not offer our products or services for use by children. If you are under
18, you may not use the product, or provide any information to the product
without involvement of a parent or a guardian. We do not knowingly collect
information from, and/or about children.

## 8\. How can I delete my account?

Should you ever decide to delete your Account, you may do so by emailing
privacy@any.do. If you terminate your Account, any association between your
Account and information we store will no longer be accessible through your
Account. However, given the nature of sharing on the Services, any public
activity on your Account prior to deletion will remain stored on our servers
and will remain accessible to the public.

## 9\. Links to and interaction with third party product

The Product may enable you to interact with or contain links to your Third
Party Account and other third party websites, mobile software applications and
services that are not owned or controlled by us (each a “Third Party
Service”). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of
such Third Party Services. Please be aware that Third Party Services may
collect Personal Information from you. Accordingly, we encourage you to read
the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that
you choose to use or interact with.

## 10\. Log files

We may make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes
internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider
(ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other
information your browser or mobile device may send to us. We may use such
information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movement
around the Site, and gather demographic information.

## 11\. Cookies and other tracking technologies

Our Site may utilize “cookies”, anonymous identifiers and other tracking
technologies in order for us to provide our Service and present you with
information that is customized for you. A “cookie” is a small text file that
may be used, for example, to collect information about activity on the Site.
Certain cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal
Information, such as an IP address, previously indicated by a user. Most
browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them
and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive
a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser.

## 12\. Use of External Analytics Tools

We use analytics tools (e.g. Google Analytics) to collect data about the use
of the Sites and Service. Analytics tools collect data such as on how often
users visit the Sites or Services, what pages they visit when they do so and
what website they directly came from to the Sites or Service. We use the data
we get from these tools to maintain and improve the Sites and Service and our
other products.

## 13\. U.S. Privacy Provisions

**California privacy rights**. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits
our customers who are California residents to request certain information
regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@any.do. Please note that we are only required to respond to one
request per customer each year.

**Our “California do not track” notice**. We do not track consumers over time
and across third-party websites and therefore do not respond to DO Not Track
signals. We do not allow third parties to collect personally identifiable
information about individuals consumer’s online activities over time and
across different websites when a consumer uses the Website.

## 14\. How to contact us

If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance
with this notice and the data protection laws, or if you wish to exercise your
rights, we encourage you to first contact us at privacy@any.do.

If you are an individual subject to the GDPR, you can read more about your
rights here: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en

## Available on:

  * Android

  * iPhone

  * iPad

  * Mac

  * Web

  * Siri

  * Amazon Alexa

  * Google Assistant

Coming Soon

  * Windows

  * Chrome

  * Firefox 

Coming Soon

  * Apple Watch

  * Wear OS

  * Slack

  * Desktop

### About Any.do

  * We’re hiring! 
  * Tips

  * Contact us 
  * Support Center 

  * About us 
  * Press Kit 

  * Privacy 
  * Terms of Service 

Download Any.do

