This website uses cookies - more information about this and your rights as a
user can be found in our privacy policy.

OK

![Menu](/static/media/menu@2x.a18ddb20.png)![Share](/static/media/share@2x.8a9e45b7.png)![Blog](/static/media/blog@2x.58aff06a.png)

![](/static/media/logo@2x.66c61d81.png)

00

## Table of content

### A. **Name, address and contact details of those responsible**

### B. **Contact details of the data protection officer**

### C. **Processing of personal data**

#### I. **Portal visit and contact**

##### 1\. **Visit of our portal**

##### 2\. **Mail contact**

#### II. **Registration and Profiles**

##### 1\. **Registration at Lootboy**

##### 2\. **User’s profile details**

#### III. **Lootcoins and Push-Notfications/Newsletter**

##### 1\. **Lootcoins**

##### 2\. **Newsletter and Push-Notifications**

#### IV. **Online shop checkout**

##### 1\. **Purchase of Coupon Codes**

#### V. **Cookies and Webanalysis**

##### 1\. **Cookies**

##### 2\. **Google Analytics**

##### 3\. **Google AdSense**

##### 4\. **Vouchers from Sovendus GmbH**

#### VI. **Rights of the person concerned**

##### 1\. **Right to inform**

##### 2\. **Right to correction**

##### 3\. **Right to limitation of processing**

##### 4\. **Right of deletion**

##### 5\. **Right to information**

##### 6\. **Right to data transferbility**

##### 7\. **Right of appeal to a supervisory authority**

#### VII. **Data security**

# Privacy Policy

## A. Name, address and contact details of those responsible

The responsible party, in accordance with the General Data Protection
Regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as
well as other data protection regulations for the processing of personal data
within the scope of the portal is:

 ** _Lootboy GmbH_**

Kirchherrngasse 2

48143 Münster

Germany

E-Mail: Support@lootboy.de

Website: www.lootboy.de

## B. Contact details of the data protection officer

The data protection officer of the responsible party can be reached as
follows:

Data protection officer of the Lootboy GmbH

Michael Schmidt

Kirchherrngasse 2

48143 Münster

Germany

E-Mail: support@lootboy.com

## C. Processing of personal data

The following terms, among others, are used in the subsequent illustration:

  *  **Visitors** : Persons who access the portal without registration (no use of the portal's functionalities and services possible).
  *  **Users** : Persons who have registered to use the portal and use the portal within the scope of a user relationship on the basis of the terms of use of the responsible party.

### I. **Portal visit and contact**

#### 1\. **Visit of our portal**

##### 1.1 **Data processing description**

When you visit our portal/Website, available at https://www.lootboy.de/ and
https://www.lootboy.com/, information is automatically sent to the server of
our portal/website by the browser used on your terminal device. The following
information is collected:

  * The IP-Address of the visitor
  * Date and time of the access
  * Information about the browser type and version
  * The visitor's operating system
  * The visitor's Internet service provider
  * Websites from which the visitor's system reaches our website
  * Websites accessed by the visitor's system through our website
  * Amount of data transferred
  * Name of the file or content accessed
  * Notification of successful access

This data is also stored in so-called log files of our system. This data is
not stored with other personal data of the visitor. Nor is this data passed on
to third parties.

In strict compliance with the pertinent data protection regulations, our
carefully selected service providers involved in hosting and maintaining our
systems may at most be the recipients of the data. This is done on the basis
of order processing agreements by which the service providers are
contractually bound and, to this extent, we remain responsible for the
processing of the data.

##### 1.2. **Purpose of data processing**

The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable
the website to be delivered to the visitor's computer. For this purpose, the
IP address of the visitor must be stored for the duration of the session.

The storage of the data in log files is done to ensure the functionality of
the website. In addition, the files are used to optimize the website and to
ensure the security of our information technology systems.

##### 1.3. **Legal basis of the data processing**

The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data as well as the storage
within the log files is Art. 6 par. 1 lit. f) GDPR.

The legitimate interest in data processing required for this purpose exists in
the processing purposes mentioned under point 1.2 above.

##### 1.4. **Duration of data processing/deletion**

The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve
the purpose for which they were collected or processed. In the case of the
collection and storage of data for the provision of the website, it will be
when the respective session has ended.

##### 1.5. **Right of Objection**

In accordance with Article 21 GDPR, and for reasons arising from your
particular situation, you have the right to object at any time to the
processing of the data in accordance with Section 1.1. We will then no longer
process this data, unless there are compelling, legitimate reasons for the
processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or if the
processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

In order to exercise a respective objection, the visitor can contact us
particulary by email using the email address support@lootboy.de.

In case of a justified objection, the data will be deleted.

#### 2\. **Mail contact**

##### 2.1. **Description and scope of the data processing**

You can contact us via the e-mail address provided. In this case, the user's
personal data transmitted by e-mail will be stored.

The data is used exclusively for the processing of the respective inquiry. In
this regard, the data will not be passed on to third parties.

In strict compliance with the pertinent data protection regulations, our
carefully selected service providers involved in hosting and maintaining our
systems may at most be the recipients of the data. This is done on the basis
of order processing agreements by which the service providers are
contractually bound and, to this extent, we remain responsible for the
processing of the data.

##### 2.2. **Purpose of data processing**

The personal data of your email inquiry is processed solely for the handling
of the establishment of contact. This also represents the necessary legitimate
interest in the processing of the data.

##### 2.3. **Legal basis for the data processing**

The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted by e-mail is Art. 6
par. 1 lit. f) GDPR. If the e-mail contact aims at the conclusion of a
contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 par. 1 lit.
b) GDPR.

##### 2.4. **Duration of data processing/deletion**

The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve
the purpose for which they were collected. This is the case when the
conversation or inquiry with the user is over. The conversation is over when
the circumstances indicate that the matter in question has been finally
resolved.

##### 2.5. **Right of objection and revocation**

If the user contacts us by e-mail, he can object to the storage of his
personal data at any time in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR. In such a case, the
conversation cannot be continued.

In order to exercise a respective objection, the visitor can contact us
particulary by email using the email address support@lootboy.de.

The data, which was stored in the course of establishing contact, will in this
case be deleted.

### II. **Registration and Profiles**

#### 1\. **Registration at Lootboy**

##### 1.1. **Description and scope of the data processing**

In order to be able to use the services offered within the scope of the
portal, in particular to be able to acquire goods in our shop, a registration
- as a user - is necessary.

To register, the user uses his account on one of the social media platforms
named in the registration form (Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Steam, Twitch.TV,
Instagram).

Trough this registration the user verifies himself via the corresponding
third-party platform.

In addition, we collect from the user the confirmation of acceptance of the
terms of use and the data protection information.

Additionally, in this context, reference is made to the data protection
information of the third party platform used by the user for registration.

In strict compliance with the pertinent data protection regulations, our
carefully selected service providers involved in hosting and maintaining our
systems may at most be the recipients of the data. This is done on the basis
of order processing agreements by which the service providers are
contractually bound and, to this extent, we remain responsible for the
processing of the data.

##### 1.2. **Purpose of data processing**

The processing of the data collected during registration serves to conclude
and execute the user contract with the user regarding the use of the portal or
its services and functionalities.

##### 1.3. **Legal basis of the data processing**

The legal basis for the processing of data stored during registration is Art.
6 par. 1 lit. b) GDPR.

##### 1.4. **Duration of data processing/deletion**

After the complete execution of the contract of use concerning the use of the
services of the portal or deletion of the user's profile, the data is deleted
or processing is restricted insofar as this is necessary for tax and
commercial law storage obligations. After expiration of the corresponding
legal retention periods at the latest, the data will be deleted unless the
user has expressly consented to further use of the data.

#### 2\. **User's profile details**

##### 2.1. **Description and scope of the data processing**

After registration, the user has the possibility to expand his user profile
with the voluntary information that can be entered in the input form. Other
than the user name, which is visible to other users within the scope of
individual functions, none of this data is publicly visible.

The aforementioned data will be processed for the purpose of contract
execution or for the execution of the functionalities offered within the scope
of the portal. This data is in particular also processed for the user's own
presentation.

When the profile details are saved, the following data (log file data), which
cannot be viewed publicly, is also stored:

  * The IP address of the user
  * Date and time

In strict compliance with the pertinent data protection regulations, our
carefully selected service providers involved in hosting and maintaining our
systems may at most be the recipients of the data. This is done on the basis
of order processing agreements by which the service providers are
contractually bound and, to this extent, we remain responsible for the
processing of the data.

##### 2.2. **Purpose of the data processing**

The processing of the data collected within the scope of the user profile
serves the execution of the user contract with the user about the use of the
portal or its services and functionalities.

Furthermore, the log file data serves to prevent misuse and to ensure the
security of our information technology systems.

##### 2.3. **Legal basis for the processing**

The legal basis for the processing of data is Art. 6 par. 1 lit. b) GDPR.

##### 2.4. **Duration of data processing/deletaion**

After the complete execution of the contract of use concerning the use of the
services of the portal or deletion of the user's profile, the data is deleted
or processing is restricted insofar as this is necessary for tax and
commercial law storage obligations. After expiration of the corresponding
legal retention periods at the latest, the data will be deleted unless the
user has expressly consented to further use of the data.

### III. **Lootcoins and Push Notfications/Newsletter**

#### 1\. **Lootcoins**

##### 1.1. **Description and scope of processing**

Within the scope of of the portal, users have the opportunity to receive and
collect bonus points, the so-called lootcoins, for various promotions. The
user can then exchange these Lootcoins only within the platform for voucher
codes or other services.

The purchase of Lootcoins as well as the current account balance of a user's
Lootcoins is stored and displayed to the user - not visible to others - within
the portal.

In strict compliance with the pertinent data protection regulations, our
carefully selected service providers involved in hosting and maintaining our
systems may at most be the recipients of the data. This is done on the basis
of order processing agreements by which the service providers are
contractually bound and, to this extent, we remain responsible for the
processing of the data.

##### 1.2. **Purpose of the processing**

The purpose of the processing is the administration and documentation of the
account balance of the individual user's Lootcoins. In addition, the
processing is used to display the account balance for the respective user.
This processing therefore serves to carry out the functionalities provided on
the portal within the framework of the user relationship and made use of by
the user.

##### 1.3. **Legal basis of the processing**

The legal basis for this processing of the project data is Art. 6 par. 1 lit.
b) GDPR.

##### 1.4. **Duration of data processing/deletion**

After the complete execution of the contract of use concerning the use of the
services of the portal or deletion of the user's profile, the data is deleted
or processing is restricted insofar as this is necessary for tax and
commercial law storage obligations. After expiration of the corresponding
legal retention periods at the latest, the data will be deleted unless the
user has expressly consented to further use of the data.

#### 2\. **Newsletter and Push-Notifications**

##### 2.1. **Description and scope of processing**

We also use the e-mail address of the user to inform him about similar goods
or services of the person responsible or to send him corresponding offers.

The user has the possibility to object to this use of his e-mail address at
any time.

Sofern sich der Nutzer für die Nutzung der Lootboy App registriert hat, senden
wir ihm Informationen und Angebote für eigene ähnliche Waren und
Dienstleistungen als Push-Notification über die App zu.

Here, too, the user has the possibility to object to this advertising at any
time.

After the user has objected to this, we will no longer use his e-mail address
or push notification for these advertising purposes.

##### 2.2. **Purpose of the processing**

The purpose of this processing is to address the user for advertising purposes
for similar goods and services. This also constitutes a legitimate interest of
the data controller for the processing of the data set out above.

##### 2.3. **Rechtsgrundlage der Verarbeitung**

The legal basis for such processing is § 7 para. 3 UWG. In addition, Art. 6
para. 1 lit. f) GDPR may also serve as a legal basis.

### IV. **Online shop checkout**

#### 1\. **Purchase of Coupon Codes**

##### 1.1. **Description and Range of processing**

Users have the possibility to purchase coupon codes in the form of electronic
vouchers via the portal's online shop. These voucher codes can then be
redeemed at third-party companies for digital content, such as computer games
and the like.

If the user wishes to purchase voucher codes, he has to select the product to
be purchased, start the payment process and select the desired payment method.
Further information is not to be provided by the user within the scope of the
portal of the responsible party. After selecting the appropriate payment
method, the user is forwarded directly to the respective payment service
provider. The user's data relevant to the payment process must then be entered
there. The party responsible is not informed of this data. The data protection
declarations of the respective payment service apply in this respect.

Only after completion of the payment process at the third-party service
provider does the party responsible receive the following contract data from
the payment service provider by e-mail:

  * name and address of the user
  * purchased product and price
  * confirmation of payment

This data is stored by the responsible party for the purpose of contract
execution and documentation.

In strict compliance with the pertinent data protection regulations, our
carefully selected service providers involved in hosting and maintaining our
systems may at most be the recipients of the data. This is done on the basis
of order processing agreements by which the service providers are
contractually bound and, to this extent, we remain responsible for the
processing of the data.

##### 1.2. **Purpose of the data processing**

The processing of the data described above takes place for the purpose of
concluding the contract and for the purpose of executing the contract.

##### 1.3. **Legal basis of the processing**

The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.

##### 1.4. **Duration of data processing/deletion**

After the complete execution of the contract of use concerning the use of the
services of the portal or deletion of the user's profile, the data is deleted
or processing is restricted insofar as this is necessary for tax and
commercial law storage obligations. After expiration of the corresponding
legal retention periods at the latest, the data will be deleted unless the
user has expressly consented to further use of the data.

### V. **Cookies and Webanalysis**

#### 1\. **Cookies**

##### 1.1. **Description and scope of the processing**

Cookies are used within the scope of the portal. These are small text files
that are stored on your terminal device in the browser you use and through
which certain information flows to the place that sets the cookie.

We use such cookies to make your visit to our portal attractive, to enable the
use of certain functions and to be able to display suitable products to you.

Some of the cookies that are used within the scope of the portal are deleted
after the end of the respective session, i.e. after closing your browser (so-
called session cookies). Other cookies, on the other hand, remain on your
terminal device even after the end of the session and enable us to recognize
your browser the next time you visit our portal (persistent cookies).

The duration of the storage of the respective cookies can be seen in the
overview in the cookie settings of your browser. You can also set your browser
so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and decide individually
whether to accept them or to exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain
cases or in general. In this respect we refer to the respective cookie
settings in the respective browsers.

However, we would like to point out that the functionality of our portal may
be limited if the setting of cookies is prevented.

The cookies used also collect data about your usage behaviour within the scope
of the portal. However, the data collected in this way is pseudonymised by
technical precautions. Therefore, it is no longer possible to assign the data
to the respective user..

##### 1.2. **Purpose of the data process**

The purpose of the processing is on the one hand to simplify the use of
websites for the users. Furthermore, some functions of our portal cannot be
offered without the use of cookies. For these it is also necessary that the
browser is recognized even after a page change.

Cookies are used for analysis purposes in order to improve the quality of our
website and its contents. These analysis cookies tell us how the website is
used and enable us to constantly optimise our offer.

In the aforementioned purposes, it is also in our legitimate interest to
process the data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.

##### 1.3. **Legal basis for the processing**

The legal basis for the processing of data using cookies is Art. 6 para. 1
lit. f) GDPR.

##### 1.4. **Duration of data processing/deletion**

The cookies are stored on your terminal device and transmitted by it to our
portal. Hence, the respective user has full control over the use of cookies.
You can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the
cookie settings in your Internet browser. Cookies already stored in your
terminal device can be deleted at any time. This can also be done
automatically. However, if cookies are deactivated for our portal, it may no
longer be possible to use all functions of the portal in full.

#### 2\. **Google Analytics**

##### 2.1. **Description and scope of processing**

The portal also uses Google Analytics for web analysis. This is an analysis
service of Google LLC (www.google.de). Google Analytics, which allow an
analysis of the use of our portal by the respective user. In this way we are
able to optimise our offer and adapt it to the needs of the users.

The automatically collected information about the use of the portal by users
is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. By
activating IP anonymisation as part of our portal, the IP address is
relevantly abbreviated prior to transmission within the member states of the
European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European
Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be
transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The anonymous
IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google
Analytics is not merged with other Google data.

Google LLC is headquartered in the USA and is certified under the EU-US
Privacy Shield. As a result of this agreement between the US and the European
Commission, the latter has established an adequate level of data protection
for companies certified under the Privacy Shield.

##### 2.2. **Purpose of the processing**

The purpose of the processing is the analysis of user behavior in order to
optimize the offer and to adapt our portal to the needs of the users.

This is also the legitimate interest within the scope of Art. 6 para. 1 lit.
f) GDPR.

##### 2.3. **Legal basis of the processing**

The legal basis for processing the data within the framework of web analysis
is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.

##### 2.4. **Duration of processing**

After the end of the use of Google Analytics by us the data collected in this
context will be deleted.

You can prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and
relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from
processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-
in available under the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en

Alternatively, by clicking on this link (IMPORTANT: insert opt-out link), you
prevent Google Analytics from collecting data about you within this website.
By clicking on the link above you can download an "Opt-Out-Cookie". Your
browser must therefore allow cookies to be stored. If you delete your cookies
regularly, you will need to click on the link again each time you visit this
website.

#### 3\. **Google Adsense**

##### 3.1 **Description and scope of the data processing**

As part of our portal, we also market advertising space for third-party
advertising and advertising networks. In this respect we use Google AdSense.

Google AdSense is a service of Google LLC (www.google.de). In combination with
the use of the Google AdSense service, the Google DoubleClick cookie is also
used. In this way, the service is able to collect certain information about
user behaviour in order to determine the interests of the user by means of
visits to our portal and other websites and to play off appropriate
advertising. The user is assigned via a pseudonymous UserID.

Google LLC is headquartered in the USA and is certified under the EU-US
Privacy Shield. As a result of this agreement between the US and the European
Commission, the latter has established an adequate level of data protection
for companies certified under the Privacy Shield.

For further information on this service and the associated data processing,
please refer to Google's data protection information, available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy

##### 3.2 **Purpose of the processing**

The purpose of the data processing described above is to optimize and
economize the operation of our portal. This is also to be seen as our
legitimate interest in this processing.

##### 3.3 **Legal basis of the processing**

The legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.

##### 3.4 **Objection/Removal**

You can disable the DoubleClick cookie by following the link:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=en.

#### 4\. **Vouchers from Sovendus GmbH**

For the selection of a voucher offer that is currently of interest to you, we
will send the pseudonymized and encrypted hash value of your e-mail address
and your IP address to

Sovendus GmbH

Moltkestr. 11

76133 Karlsruhe

Germany

The pseudonymized hash value of the email-address will be used to consider a
possible objection against advertising by Sovendus (Art. 21 par.3, Art. 6
par.1 c GDPR).

The IP address is used by Sovendus exclusively for data security purposes and
is usually anonymised after seven days (Art. 6 Para.1 f GDPR).

In addition, we transmit for billing purposes pseudonymised order number,
order value with currency, session ID, coupon code and time stamp to Sovendus
(Art. 6 Para.1 f GDPR).

If you are interested in a Sovendus voucher offer, there is no advertising
objection for your e-mail address and you click on the voucher banner that is
only displayed in this case, we will send Sovendus the encrypted address, name
and your e-mail address to prepare the voucher (Art. 6 Para.1 b, f GDPR).

For more information about the processing of your data by Sovendus, please see
the online privacy policy at www.sovendus.de/datenschutz.

### VI. **Rights of the person concerned**

If your personal data is processed you are an affected subject according to
the GDRP, and you have the following rights against us, the responsible party
(unless already explained above under item II. in connection with the
respective processing of your data):

#### 1\. **Right to information**

In accordance with Art. 15 GDPR, you can request a confirmation from the party
responsible as to whether personal data concerning you will be processed by
us.

If such processing has taken place, you can request the following information
from the person responsible:

  * the purposes for which the personal data are processed;

  * the categories of personal data being processed;

  * the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been or are still being disclosed;

  * the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information on this is not possible, criteria for determining the storage period;

  * the existence of a right to rectification or deletion of personal data concerning you, a right to limitation of processing by the responsible party or a right to object to such processing;

  * the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;

  * any available information on the origin of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;

  * the existence of automated decision-making including profiling in accordance with Art. 22 par. 1 and 4 GDPR and - at least in these cases - meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.

You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data
concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international
organisation. In this regard, you may demand to be informed of the appropriate
guarantees in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR in relation to the transmission.

#### 2\. **The right to correction**

In accordance with Article 16 of the GDPR, you have the right to correct
and/or complete your data vis-à-vis the responsible party if the personal data
processed concerning you is incorrect or incomplete. The person responsible
shall make the correction without delay.

#### 3\. **Right to limitation of processing**

Subject to the following conditions, you may, pursuant to Art. 18, request
that the processing of personal data concerning you be restricted:

  * if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;

  * the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request that the use of the personal data be restricted;

  * the data controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you do need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or

  * if you have filed an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 DSGVO and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh your reasons.

If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, such
data may only be processed - apart from being stored - with your consent or
for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending rights or protecting the
rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public
interest of the Union or a Member State.

If the processing restriction has been restricted according to the above
conditions, you will be informed by the person responsible before the
restriction is lifted.

#### 4\. **Right of deletion**

##### 4.1. **Duty to delete**

You may request the data controller to delete the personal data relating to
you without delay and the controller is obliged to delete this data without
delay if one of the following reasons applies:

  * The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.

  * You revoke your consent, on which the processing was based pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.

  * You file an objection against the processing pursuant according to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you file an objection against the processing pursuant according to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR.

  * The personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.

  * The deletion of personal data concerning you is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject.

  * The personal data concerning you have been collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant according to Art. 8 para. 1 DSGVO.

##### 4.2. **Information to third parties**

If the data controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is
obliged to delete it pursuant to Art. 17 para. 1 GDPR, he shall take
appropriate measures, including technical measures, taking into account the
available technology and the implementation costs, to inform data processors
who process the personal data that you, as the data subject, have requested
the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications
of this personal data.

##### 4.3. **Exceptions**

The right to cancellation does not exist, in particular, insofar as the
processing is necessary

  * to exercise freedom of expression and information;

  * to fulfil a legal obligation requiring processing under the law of the Union or the Member States, to which the responsible person is subject, or to perform a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the person responsible;

  * for reasons of public interest in public health pursuant to Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h) and lit. i) GDPR and Art. 9 para. 3 GDPR;

  * to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

#### 5\. **Right to information**

If you have exercised your right to have the data controller correct, delete
or restrict the processing, he is obliged under Article 19 of the DSBER to
notify all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been
disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction on
processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate
effort.

You have the right to be informed of these recipients toward the person
responsible.

#### 6\. **Right to data transferability**

In accordance with article 20 of the GDPR, you have the right to receive the
personal data concerning you that you have provided to the data controller in
a structured, current and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the
right to pass this data on to another person in charge without obstruction by
the person in charge to whom the personal data was provided, if

  * processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR or Art. 9(2)(a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, and

  * processing is carried out using automated methods.

In exercising this right, you also have the right to request that the personal
data concerning you be transferred directly from one data controller to
another data controller, insofar as this is technically feasible. The freedoms
and rights of other persons must not be affected by this.

The right to data transferability shall not apply to the processing of
personal data necessary for the performance of a task, which is in the public
interest or is carried out in the exercise of official authority conferred on
the person responsible.

##### 4.6. **Right of appeal to a supervisory authority**

Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, Art. 77 of
the GDPR gives you the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in
particular in the Member State where you are staying, working or place of
suspected infringement, if you believe that the processing of personal data
concerning you is contrary to the GDPR.

The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall
inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including
the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR.

### VII. **Data security**

To secure your data we use the most common SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer)
in connection with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser.
Usually this is a 256 bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit
encryption, we use 128-bit v3 technology instead. Whether a single page of our
website is transmitted in encrypted form, you can identify by the closed
display of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.

![google playstore badge](/static/media/play-badge-en.f81373de.png)

![applestore badge](/static/media/itunes-badge-en.75c18b83.png)

![amazonstore
badge](data:image/png;base64,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)

Legal notice | Terms of use | Privacy Policy

Instructions on withdrawal

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=118754178706038&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![notification
icon](https://img.onesignal.com/t/c49632f1-5515-467d-84ea-232167322669.png)

We'd like to send you notifications for the latest news and updates.

AllowNo Thanks

