__Login

_•_ About Us

_•_ Terms of Use

_•_ Privacy Policy

_•_ Dating Safety

_•_ Help Center

_•_ Contact Us

Company Profile

Bgcupid committed to develop online dating service industries in more than 230
countries and regions, and manage multiple websites in different languages.
Here you can enjoy the fun and joy to share with friends, to provide you with
a world's most efficient, most fun dating platform, every day hundreds of new
members to join.

![](theme/img/us1.jpg)

What is our mission?

Our mission is simple: to help you make friends from around the world come
from. We think: this regard, we are doing pretty good. Every month we have
received letters from all over the world to share their knowledge with friends
on Bgcupid story with us.

![](theme/img/us2.jpg)

How to operate?

We provide knowledge and understanding of friends around the world the
opportunity for users to write freely through the different pages, so that
they themselves described in detail in its files. You can upload multiple
pictures, and information about their hobbies. We know the importance of
privacy, so all contact between members are via anonymous e-mail networks. We
are all members of the names and contact information are confidential, unless
the members, except they want to share personal information with each other,
once registered, members can view photos immediately and logs potential
friends and contact them.

Bgcupid entered into a related web services (hereinafter referred to as
services) of the following agreement (the "Terms of Use"). No matter who use
our services are deemed to have agreed to abide by our terms of use.

1\. Agree to Terms of Use

This Agreement (Terms of Use), including present and future business website
and the client. By using this service, whether or not you register as a
Bgcupid members (hereinafter referred to as members), you will be deemed to
have agreed to these terms of use. If you do not agree to this Terms of
Service, please stop using our services.

2\. Eligibility requirements

Minors under the age of 18 years shall not use our services. By using our
service, you represent and warrant that you have the right and ability to
comply with all the provisions of the Terms of Use.

3\. Changes to the terms of use

Bgcupid reserves the right without prior notice, to change these Terms of Use.
You can view the Terms of Service to change the situation on a regular basis.
When we make changes to the terms of use, if you use our services, whether or
not you view that you agree to these changes.

4\. Privacy

Bgcupid respect the privacy of site visitors. Using the service should follow
our privacy policy. Bgcupid partners agreed to follow the provisions of the
privacy policy.

5\. Service Change

Bgcupid can decide to add, delete or modify services or the services without
prior notice.

6.Custom

a) Payment

Your payment terms will be based on your method of payment, payment terms by
you and the financial institution, credit card issuer or other payment service
provider of your choice (payment service provider) agreements to decide. If
you do not accept payment services Bgcupid your "payment service provider" to
offer, you agree to pay all amounts required. You agree to use our service,
pay all accounts payable. If your receivables paid, you can request us to
cancel the status of your paid receivable, once your account is canceled, you
have to pay the state will terminate when the date of your last payment. Paid
status is not transferable. Bgcupid state has paid the ultimate sale, can not
be refunded. Disputed costs should be reported to the Bgcupid service within
60 days after your purchase. If you have to pay the state for any questions,
please contact us.

b) Service contract

You order at Bgcupid site service will not automatically renew. You can
contact our customer service team at any time to change or re-ordered. If you
choose to order, your order will expire at the service does not automatically
renew. Canceled before the expiry custom-made, can not get a refund.

c)Free trial and other promotional

Any free trial or other promotional methods, can be customized to use our
services in a specific trial period. If users need to order promotional
service provisions, you should cancel the order before the trial period in
order to avoid delivery of custom fees.

7\. Join Bgcupid through partners

If you register to use our services through partners Bgcupid, and Bgcupid with
its partners to provide the service. You will have the right to use members of
the service, and Bgcupid the right to transfer your membership or paid to
transfer your account to the Bgcupid similar services.

8\. Community Content

All services should follow the requirements of community content guidelines.
You agree not to publish, transmit, distribute or link to anything involving
unlawful, harassing, defamatory, threatening, harmful, obscene, rebellious,
libel, slander the reputation of others, and violations of the privacy of
others of the content, nor send other people unhappy, or rather against other
human rights groups or content. Intellectual property without the written
consent of the person shall not use the intellectual property of others,
including information protected by copyright and trademark protection,
alteration or change of intellectual property rights of others, such as non-
copyright text or pictures. Bgcupid will not be any mail sent by members or
groups responsible for the content of the discussion thread, any information,
goods or services are not responsible for third party or members of. Use our
services, you agree that: In the following cases, Bgcupid will not be
responsible to you or others: for example: a threat to any party, defamatory,
obscene, indecent, attack or offense, or tort, including the illegal use of
knowledge property rights. Bgcupid does not have all the information you
provide to (including feedback and suggestions), or you publish Bgcupid,
download, input or submit all the information ("submitted information").
However, if you posted on our Web site or client, uploading, inputting,
providing or submitting information, you indicate that you give Bgcupid
perpetual and irrevocable right to transfer, Bgcupid the right to copy, use,
store, modify, edit, translate or publish any or all of the information you
have submitted, and without payment of royalties information. Bgcupid no
obligation to post or use the information you submit and Bgcupid can always
decide to delete the information you have submitted. In this website you
download, input or submit information that indicates that you have your
control over the release of information. For your information is deleted,
invalid or failure to store, Bgcupid and its partners will not be held
responsible.

9\. Member Account

Once you sign up for our service, you will receive an account number and
password, you are responsible for your account and password confidential, and
shall be responsible for all activities related to your account. Once
registered as a member, you will be responsible for all of your information
files. Prohibited publication of pornographic or other obscene content in the
file or web service project, because it would threaten your membership. For
the next line dating site members Bgcupid, Bgcupid will not take any
responsibility. You agree Bgcupid send mail (involving service information
(including changes to upgrade), new features or events, use the services of
the observations and recommendations) to you.

10\. Materials protected by copyright and trademark protection

Content Bgcupid site are protected by copyright Copyright © 2011-2014.

11\. Disclaimer

In Bgcupid website or published by Bgcupid (or Bgcupid agents or partners)
information, according to "existing" and "existing" offer. It does all kinds
of express or implied warranties and conditions. Bgcupid does not control any
information, products or services provided by third parties. You expressly
agree that use of the service will bear the risk alone. The fullest extent
permissible pursuant to applicable law: Bgcupid on all express or implied
warranties, disclaimers, and such warranty including but not limited to
implied merchantability and ensure suitability for special purposes; Bgcupid
does not guarantee provided service to meet your needs, does not guarantee the
service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or correct. Bgcupid not for
service use and use the results as collateral. Bgcupid does not warrant that
this website or services does not contain any viruses or other harmful
components. Bgcupid does not warrant or represent that: keep the site transfer
information confidential. Bgcupid website does not guarantee the accuracy and
completeness of the translation. Bgcupid do not guarantee the following: any
goods or services purchased or obtained through this website, or to advertise
on this site or sponsorship of goods or services, or any transaction conducted
through this website. Information Bgcupid not you receive services from
Bgcupid or make any express warranties (whether oral or written).

In Bgcupid, we are very seriously the protection of members' privacy. We
consistently manage all your personal home page on the site, photos, and the
language used, and do everything we can to protect your privacy and security.
However, we want to remind you: online security is your responsibility, which
is very important. So be careful, think twice. Protect their own safety!

* Not to any third party - to share or disclose your password - even your friends. If you lose or disclose your password may compromise your private data. If your profile is hacked, please report it to our team through our feedback page.
* When you are a new understanding of people still do not know, you do not easily reveal personal information. This includes disclose your e-mail address, instant messaging contact details, full name and URL. Please do not tell others your financial information, such as credit card information.
* Some crooks will fake behalf of our company or other companies require you to pay a non-called courier or services provided directly to the site Bgcupid prizes, so please be sure to be especially vigilant. In particular, you should note that when someone says they have difficulties with your money when - This usually is a hoax.
* If you encounter any improper behavior, click the report violation link, our team will receive the report immediately. If you communicate with someone when members feel uncomfortable, you can also find the option to block the membership. Do not tolerate any rude or harassing behavior - or to prevent the members of our customer service team reported. We will deal with these matters as soon as possible, we have a comprehensive monitoring system to monitor these aspects and quality control.

Tips for meeting up offline

* When you talk to just know the new members and asked them to recent photos - preferably within the past four weeks shot
* Do not force yourself to go to meet with each other; only when you are ready to go before they can meet.
* Where you intend to go to tell your friends, and let them give you a call or send an SMS to confirm your safety. Please make sure to bring enough fully charged cell phone and balances, and timely to meet the situation and when to inform your friends home safely.
* Make your own arrangements for travel to and from the meeting place of transport - do not meet in each other or their own home. Best Never disclose your address, unless you are already familiar with each other.
* Please make sure to arrange the first meeting in the daytime as well as in public places, and when you awake! Please do not drink too much wine at the meet, and always will be his belongings and drinks in their eyes.

Bgcupid respect the privacy of users and to develop privacy policies to
protect your privacy. Privacy policy include: user case Bgcupid, we collect
information, how to use this information and share this information with
anyone. When you use our web site or service, or business transaction with us,
we recommend that you carefully read the "Privacy Policy." By using our
website, indicates that you have accepted the provisions of the
confidentiality agreement. Bgcupid online privacy very seriously. If you have
any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us.

Persons under 18 years of age

Bgcupid not knowingly collect or maintain under the age of 18 who personally
identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information, any item
on this site under the age of 18 who are not facing the open. If you are under
18, please stop using or prohibit access to the Site or the Service. If
Bgcupid learned the information collected under 18 years of age who personally
identifiable information, this website will take reasonable steps to remove
the information.

The information we collect

You fill in the relevant information (including your personal information,
contact information, and other file information when you create a member
profile filled out); freedom when you fill out customer surveys, provide
feedback and participate in the competition, provided the relevant information
; If you contact us, we will record your communication information;
transaction information including your order from our website information
about products and services; visit our website visitors, and their information
has been recorded, may be entitled to the same login information and the right
to correct information or to view the policies and rules of the relevant
information. Visitors can contact us directly.

Information collected others

We allow third parties (including our authorized service providers,
advertising companies and advertising sites) in advertisements published on
our website. If you open a link (such as an ad banner), which will allow you
to leave our site, log in to other sites, if you subsequently provide
information on other sites, we will not be able to control the use of this
information. This Privacy Policy shall not be liable to other websites or
advertisers information confidential. For other sites on how to use your
information, Bgcupid will not bear any responsibility for this purpose.

How do we use the information collected?

* Manage your user account (including: inform you of any object that matches, tips, announcements, updates or promotions
* Help you customize a personalized website visit
* Are asked to provide your information, products or services, or information you are interested in; conduct market analysis and survey
* Help us improve our service structure, layout, and applicability

We share the information collected and who

We may be at particular aspects of sharing your information with third
parties, such as: When you order the service from our website, we provide your
information to a third party payment processing. But we will control the third
party to use your information, and responsible. We have some of your
information may be disclosed to our partner companies in order to provide you
with services such as: e-mail or chat services. To provide these services, we
have your information (including your username and email address Bgcupid) to
our partners.

Cookies

We tried to follow your preferences for your service. We use Cookies to save
and recorded information about you. Cookie refers sent to your browser by a
web server a small portion of the data, the data stored on your computer's
hard drive.

Privacy Policy Changes

We regularly review the "Privacy Policy", and announced the policy change
information on this page. We encourage members to regularly review our privacy
policy to better understand the information we collect and how we use the
information, and under what circumstances the use of information and share
information with others.

How to contact us

If you respect this privacy policy or our information handling any questions,
or for us to disclose information to third parties (for direct marketing
purposes) have questions, please contact us with email or letter. E-mail:
Bgcupidteam@gmail.com

1\. I can not log in

Please confirm whether you have successfully registered Bgcupid account, and
then confirm your account password is correct, if you still can not log in,
please click on the "Forgot Password", such as still can not log in, please
contact the webmaster.

2\. Forgot your password

If you forget your login password when you log in, please click on the "Forgot
Password" option to recover or reset passwords for password.

3\. How to Upgrade Membership

You can click on the upgrade membership icon button, then choose what you want
to upgrade the membership level upgrade.

4\. How to better use the translation feature

Bgcupid site is a global SNS for international dating sites, where by Bgcupid
translation platform for global communication and unlimited friends! When you
have a higher membership privileges, you will be able to enjoy more of the
translation privileges.

5\. How to report illegal account

When you find some illegal account, you can enter his personal home page,
click "Report." Webmaster or contact us, we will make a survey and processed
to ensure the safety of the site.

6\. How to pay

You can log Bgcupid clicking recharge, we currently only PayPal, Alipay and
other network security payment, all payment methods are absolutely safe. This
website absolutely no memory of any automatic or recurring charges of
procedure. Have any questions, please contact the webmaster Ask your
questions.

7.Recharge unsuccessful

If you are unable to successfully recharge the prepaid page Bgcupid, first
check your credit card if there is a problem, then replace the browser and try
again. Sometimes you can also choose to contact PayPal (eg prompted \ "on your
credit card can not be used to pay the transaction \" case). After a variety
of methods to try if still unable to successfully recharge, please tell us the
details, such as what you are using prepaid way, what error message? What kind
of browser? In order to help our technical staff to quickly find the cause to
help you solve the problem, you will send us a screenshot of the error page as
the site administrator.

E-mail: bgcupidteam@gmail.com

Here you can find some of our members often encounter the answer, if you have
a great idea, or find a bug, there are problems to consult, please send an
email to our mailbox, we will help you solve as soon as possible.Working Time:
9：00—18：00，Monday to Sunday. Please be patient when waiting for a response to
your question if there are too many clients. In order to help us server you
better. Please give us better advice.If you have other question about Bgcupid,
please read Help Center or E-mail us.

